'https://www.reuters.com/markets/companies/TAMO.NS/': 'Please enable JS and disable any ad blocker',
'https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tata_Motors': '\n Tata Motors Limited is an Indian multinational automotive company, headquartered in Mumbai and part of the  
Tata Group. The company produces cars, trucks, vans, and buses.[7]\n Subsidiaries include British Jaguar Land Rover and South Korean Tata Daewoo. Tata Motors has
joint ventures with Hitachi (Tata Hitachi Construction Machinery) and Stellantis, which makes vehicle parts for Fiat Chrysler and Tata-branded vehicles.\n Tata  
Motors has auto manufacturing and vehicle plants in Jamshedpur, Pantnagar, Lucknow, Sanand, Dharwad, and Pune in India, as well as in Argentina, South Africa,   
the United Kingdom, and Thailand. It has research and development centers in Pune, Jamshedpur, Lucknow, Dharwad, India and South Korea, the United Kingdom, and  
Spain. Tata Motors is listed on the BSE and NSE, and is a constituent of the BSE SENSEX and NIFTY 50 benchmark indices. The company is ranked 265th on the       
Fortune Global 500 list of the world\'s biggest corporations as of 2019.[8]\n On 17 January 2017, Natarajan Chandrasekaran was appointed chairman of the company 
Tata Group. Tata Motors increased its UV market share to over 8% in FY2019.[9]\n Tata Motors was founded in 1945, as a locomotive manufacturer. Tata Group       
entered the commercial vehicle sector in 1954 after forming a joint venture with Mercedes-Benz of Germany in which Tata developed a manufacturing facility in    
Jamshedpur for Daimler lorries.[10] By November 1954 Tata and Daimler manufactured their first goods carrier chassis at their Jamshedpur plant with 90-100\xa0hp 
and capacity of 3-5 tons.[11]\n Tata launched the Indica in 1998. A newer version of the car, named Indica V2, later appeared. Tata Motors also exported cars to 
South Africa.[12]\n In 1999, Tata Motors had a setback and decided to sell the car business. US auto giant, Ford was seen an ideal candidate. Officials from Ford
came to Bombay House to talk with Tata. During the meeting at the Tata headquarters, American company evinced interest in buying out the business. To take the   
deal forward, Ratan Tata and his team flew to Detroit, USA to meet with the Ford\'s chairman, Bill Ford. The meeting lasted for three hours. During the meeting, 
Ford humiliated Tata by saying that they should have never started Tata Motors when they didn’t have a clue about manufacturing cars. Recalling this incident    
Tata group veteran, Praveen Kadle who was in the meeting said, that Ford told them, "You do not know anything about passenger cars, why did you start the        
passenger car division at all? We are doing a favour by buying your car division".[13][14]\n This incident made Ratan Tata to step back from the deal and        
concentrate on the Tata Motors\' car division.[13][14]\n Later in 2008, during the Great Recession, Ford verged on bankruptcy. Tata offered to buy their Jaguar  
Land Rover for $2.3 billion. Ford chairperson thanked Tata by saying "You are doing us a big favour by buying JLR."[13][14]\n In the 2000s, Tata Motors made a   
series of acquisitions and partnerships, acquiring Daewoo\'s South Korea-based truck manufacturing unit,[15] a joint venture with the Brazil-based Marcopolo,    
Tata Marcopolo Bus,[16] Jaguar Land Rover.,[17][18][19][20] Hispano Carrocera,[21] and an 80% stake in the Italian design and engineering company Trilix.[22]\n  
On 12 October 2021, private equity firm TPG invested $1 billion in Tata Motors\' electric vehicle subsidiary.[23]\n Tata Motors has vehicle assembly operations  
in India, the United Kingdom, South Korea, Thailand, Spain, and South Africa. It plans to establish plants in Turkey, Indonesia, and Eastern Europe.\n Tata      
Motors Cars is a division of Tata Motors which produces passenger cars under the Tata Motors hood. Tata Motors is among the top five passenger vehicle brands in 
India with products in the compact, midsize car, and utility vehicle segments.[24] The company\'s manufacturing base in India is spread across Jamshedpur        
(Jharkhand), Pune (Maharashtra), Lucknow (Uttar Pradesh), Pantnagar (Uttarakhand), Dharwad (Karnataka) and Sanand (Gujarat). Tata\'s dealership, sales, service, 
and spare parts network comprise over 3,500 touchpoints.[24] Tata Motors has more than 250 dealerships in more than 195 cities across 27 states and four Union   
Territories of India.[25] It has the third-largest sales and service network after Maruti Suzuki and Hyundai.\n Tata also has franchisee/joint venture assembly  
operations in Kenya, Bangladesh, Ukraine, Russia, and Senegal.[26] Tata has dealerships in 26 countries across 4 continents.[27] Tata is present in many
countries, it has managed to create a large consumer base in the Indian subcontinent, namely India, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Sri Lanka and Nepal. Tata is also present
in Italy,[28] Spain,[29] Poland,[30] Romania,[31] Turkey,[32] Chile,[33] South Africa,[34] Oman, Kuwait, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Bahrain,     
Iraq, Syria and Australia.\n Tata Daewoo (officially Tata Daewoo Commercial Vehicle Company and formerly Daewoo Commercial Vehicle Company) is a commercial      
vehicle manufacturer headquartered in Gunsan, Jeollabuk-do South Korea, and a wholly owned subsidiary of Tata Motors. It is the second-largest heavy commercial  
vehicle manufacturer in South Korea and was acquired by Tata Motors in 2004. The principal reasons behind the acquisition were to reduce Tata\'s dependence on   
the Indian commercial vehicle market (which was responsible for around 94% of its sales in the MHCV segment and around 84% in the light commercial vehicle       
segment) and expand its product portfolio by leveraging on Daewoo\'s strengths in the heavy-tonnage sector.\n Tata Motors has jointly worked with Tata Daewoo to 
develop trucks such as Novus and World Truck and buses including GloBus and StarBus. In 2012, Tata began developing a new line to manufacture competitive and    
fuel-efficient commercial vehicles to face the competition posed by the entry of international brands such as Mercedes-Benz, Volvo, and Navistar into the Indian 
market.[35]\n Tata Hispano Motors Carrocera, S.A. was a bus and coach manufacturer based in Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain, and a wholly owned subsidiary of Tata 
Motors. Tata Hispano has plants in Zaragoza, Spain, and Casablanca, Morocco. Tata Motors first acquired a 21% stake in Hispano Carrocera SA in 2005,[36] and     
purchased the remaining 79% for an undisclosed sum in 2009, making it a fully owned subsidiary, subsequently renamed Tata Hispano. In 2013, Tata Hispano ceased  
production at its Zaragoza plant.[37][38]\n TML Drivelines Ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Tata Motors engaged in the manufacture of gearboxes and axles for
heavy and medium commercial vehicles. It has production facilities at Jamshedpur and Lucknow.  TML Forge division is also a recent acquisition of TML Drivelines.
TML Drivelines was formed through the merger of HV Transmission  and HV Axles.\n Tata Technologies Limited (TTL) is a 43%-owned subsidiary of Tata Motors which  
provides design, engineering, and business process outsourcing services to the automotive industry. It is headquartered in Pune\'s Hinjawadi business district   
and also has operations in London, Detroit and Thailand. Its clients include Ford, General Motors, Honda, and Toyota.\n The British engineering and design       
services company Incat International, which specialises in engineering and design services and product lifecycle management in the automotive, aerospace, and    
engineering sectors, is a wholly owned subsidiary of TTL. It was acquired by TTL in August 2005 for ₹4 billion.\n In 2017, TAL, a subsidiary of Tata Motors,     
manufactured India\'s first industrial articulated robot for micro, small, and medium enterprises.[38]\n The Tata Motors European Technical Centre (TMETC) is an 
automotive design, engineering, and research company based at WMG, University of Warwick on the campus of the University of Warwick in England. It was
established in 2005 and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Tata Motors. It was the joint developer of the World Truck.[39]\n In September 2013, it was announced    
that a new National Automotive Innovation Campus would be built at WMG at Warwick\'s main campus at a cost of £100 million.[40][41] The initiative will be a     
partnership between Tata Motors, the university, and Jaguar Land Rover, with £30 million in funding coming from Tata Motors.[42]\n Tata Marcopolo is a
bus-manufacturing company which was established as a joint venture between Tata Motors (51%) and the Brazil-based Marcopolo S.A. (49%). The company manufactures 
and assembles fully built buses and coaches targeted at developing mass rapid transportation systems. It uses technology and expertise in chassis and aggregates 
from Tata Motors, and know-how in processes and systems for bodybuilding and bus body design from Marcopolo. Tata Marcopolo\'s low-floor city bus is widely used 
by transport corporations in many Indian cities. Its manufacturing facility is based in Dharwad, Karnataka State, India and Lucknow, India.\n In December 2020,  
Marcopolo and Tata Motors came to an agreement, whereby Tata Motors would purchase the 49 percent stake held by Marcopolo in the bus-making joint venture for    
₹100 crore, bringing curtains to the 14-year old partnership and paving the way for a smooth exit for the Brazilian company. The deal was completed on 29 August 
2022.[43] The deal allowed Tata Motors to continue using the ‘Marcopolo’ trademark for a minimum of three years with a non-compete provision in India for a      
corresponding period.\n Jaguar Land Rover PLC is a premium British automaker headquartered in Whitley, Coventry, United Kingdom, and has been a wholly owned     
subsidiary of Tata Motors since June 2008, when it was acquired from Ford Motor Company of USA.[44] Its principal activity is the development, manufacture and   
sale of Jaguar luxury and sports cars and Land Rover premium four-wheel-drive vehicles.\n Jaguar Land Rover has two design centres and three assembly plants in  
the United Kingdom. Under Tata ownership, Jaguar Land Rover has launched new vehicles including the Range Rover Evoque, Jaguar F-Type, the Jaguar XE, the Jaguar 
XJ (X351), the second-generation Range Rover Sport, and Jaguar XF, the fourth-generation Land Rover Discovery, Range Rover Velar  and the Range Rover (L405).\n  
JD Power, of the US, rates Land Rover and Jaguar as the two worst brands for initial quality.\n[45] The Jaguar F-Pace made Consumer Reports February 2019 list of
the 10 Least Reliable Cars. The editors cited "electronics, drive system, power equipment, noises and leaks" as problematic aspects.[46]\n The Jaguar Land Rover 
subsidiary was struggling by 2019 and Tata Motors wrote down its investment in JLR by $3.9 billion. Much of the financial problem was due to a 50% drop in sales 
in China during 2019, although the situation was improving. Still, Tata was open to considering a partnership with another company according to a statement in   
mid-October, as long as the partnership agreement would allow Tata to maintain control of the business. The company ruled out the possibility of a sale of JLR to
another entity.[47]\n In July 2023, Tata announced its plans to invest £4 billion to build an electric car battery factory in the UK, which will be one of the   
largest of its kind in Europe.[48][49][50] The factory will be the company\'s first battery production facility outside India.[50] Located in Bridgwater,        
Somerset, the factory will supply Jaguar Land Rover\'s future battery electric models, including the Range Rover, Defender, Discovery and Jaguar brands, with the
potential to also supply other car manufacturers.[38] Production at the new facility is due to start in 2026.\n Fiat-Tata is an India-based joint venture between
Tata and Stellantis\' Fiat which produces Jeep and Tata branded passenger cars, as well as engines and transmissions. Tata Motors has gained access to Fiat\'s   
diesel engine and transmission technology through the joint venture.[51]\n The two companies formerly also had a distribution joint venture through which Fiat   
products were sold in India through joint Tata-Fiat dealerships. This distribution arrangement was ended in March 2013; Stellantis cars have since been
distributed in India by Fiat Automobiles India Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Stellantis.[52][53]\n In September 2013 it was announced that a new National
Automotive Innovative Campus would be built at WMG at Warwick\'s main campus at a cost of 92 million pounds.[54] The initiative will be a partnership between    
Tata Motors, the university, and Jaguar Land Rover, with the 30 million pounds in funding coming from Tata Motors.[55]\n Tata Motors and Hyundai are in a joint  
venture to provide the automatic transmission for Tata Safari & Tata Harrier model.[56]\n For details of Land Rover and Jaguar products, see Jaguar Land Rover.\n
Tata Motors has unveiled electric versions of the Tata Indica passenger car powered by TM4 electric motors and inverters,[58] as well as the Tata Ace commercial 
vehicle, both of which run on lithium batteries which launched in 2022.\n In 2008 Tata Motors\' UK subsidiary, Tata Motors European Technical Centre, bought a   
50.3% holding in electric vehicle technology firm Miljøbil Grenland/Innovasjon of Norway for US$1.93 million, and planned to launch the electric Indica hatchback
in Europe the following year.[59][60][61] In September 2010, Tata Motors presented four CNG–Electric Hybrid low-floored Starbuses to the Delhi Transport
Corporation, to be used during the 2010 Commonwealth Games. These were the first environmentally friendly buses to be used for public transportation in India.\n 
In December 2019, Tata Motors unveiled the Nexon EV, an SUV with a 30.2 kWh lithium-ion battery and a consistent range of 312\xa0km on a single charge. It is    
also equipped with fast charging technology, which can charge the vehicle from 0% - 80% in 60 minutes.[62]\n Tata Passenger Electric Mobility is a subsidiary    
which produces electric cars under the brand name Tata Motors.[63]\n List of Tata electric vehicles:\n The Nano was launched in 2009 as a city car intended to   
appeal as an affordable alternative to the section of the Indian populace that is primarily the owner of motorcycles and has not bought their first car.
Initially priced at ₹100,000 (US$1,500), the vehicle attracted a lot of attention for its relatively low price. However, the Nano was very poorly rated for      
safety[67][68] and in 2018, Cyrus Mistry, chairman of the Tata Group, called the Tata Nano a failed project, with production ending in May 2018.[69]\n Tata Ace, 
India\'s first indigenously developed sub-one-ton minitruck, was launched in May 2005. The minitruck was a huge success in India with auto analysts claiming that
Ace had changed the dynamics of the light commercial vehicle  (LCV) market in the country by creating a new market segment termed the small commercial vehicle   
segment. Ace rapidly emerged as the first choice for transporters and single truck owners for city and rural transport.\n By October 2005, LCV sales of Tata     
Motors had grown by 36.6% to 28,537 units due to the rising demand for Ace. The Ace was built with a load body produced by Autoline Industries.[70]\n By 2005,   
Autoline was producing 300 load bodies per day for Tata Motors. Ace is still a top seller for TML with 500,000 units sold by June 2010.[71] In 2011, Tata Motors 
invested Rs 1000 crore in Dharwad Plant, Karnataka, with the capacity of 90,000 units annually and launched two models of 0.5-T capacity as Tata Ace Zip, Magic  
Iris.[72] Ace has also been exported to several Asian, European, South American, and African countries and all-electric models are sold through Polaris
Industries\' Global Electric Motorcars division. In Sri Lanka, it is sold through Diesel & Motor Engineering (DIMO) PLC under the name of DIMO Batta.\n Tata     
Prima is a range of heavy trucks first introduced in 2008 as the company\'s \'global\' truck. Tata Prima was the winner of the \'Commercial Vehicle of the Year\'
at the Apollo Commercial Vehicles Awards, 2010 and 2012.\n The Tata 407 is a light commercial vehicle (LCV) that has sold over 500,000 units since its launch in 
1986.[73] In India, this vehicle dominates market share of the LCV category, accounting for close to 75% of LCV sales. The 407 model range includes trucks,      
tippers, pick-ups and vehicles for agri/food products, construction, light mining and services.[74]\n Tata Harrier is a 5-seater SUV that rivals the MG Hector   
and Jeep Compass. This car uses a 2.0L 4-cylinder turbocharged diesel engine from Fiat and a 6-speed transmission from Hyundai, available in both manual and     
automatic. Tata Harrier is derived from the H5X Concept displayed at the 2018 Auto Expo. It was launched on 23 January 2019.[75]\n The car is a C-segment        
crossover SUV based on the OmegaArc platform, an essentially re-engineered version of the Jaguar Land Rover D8 platform.[76] A petrol variant of the Harrier is  
confirmed to launch in 2022–23.[77]\n Tata Harrier is also available in Nepal with the name H5.[citation needed]\n The Tata Nexon is a subcompact crossover SUV  
produced by Tata Motors since 2017. It is the first crossover SUV from Tata Motors, and occupies the sub-4 metre crossover SUV segment in India.[78] The electric
version of the Nexon was revealed on 19 December 2019. The Nexon EV uses components from Tata Motors\' electric vehicle technology brand Ziptron. The electric   
motor produces 94.7\xa0kW (127\xa0hp; 129\xa0PS) and 245\xa0N⋅m (181\xa0lbf⋅ft) of torque and 0 - 100 under 9.9 seconds. It has a 30.2 kWh battery with an ARAI  
rated range of up to 312\xa0km.[79]\n The battery can be fully charged in under 8 hours using a complimentary AC charger. It can also be charged using a
15-ampere power cable that can be used at any place with the necessary power socket. DC 25\xa0kW fast charging can be used to charge the battery from 0 to 80% in
1 hour.[80]\n In March 2024, Tata Motors announced plans to undergo a significant restructuring by splitting into two separate listed entities. This strategic   
move aims to enhance operational efficiencies and focus on distinct business segments. The demerger is expected to allow each entity to pursue tailored growth   
strategies and attract specific investor bases. The announcement was well-received by the market, with Tata Motors\' stock experiencing a notable jump following 
the news.[81][82][83]\n',
    'https://www.reuters.com/business/autos-transportation/indias-tata-motors-jumps-7-month-high-strong-q4-jlr-sales-2023-04-10/': 'Please enable JS and disable 
any ad blocker',
    'https://www.nada.org/nada/nada-headlines/tata-motors-shares-fall-most-two-years-weak-sales-outlook-bloomberg': "NADA's mission is to serve and represent    
franchised new-car and\n                -truck dealers, their management and employees. Contact us for\n                more information: Quick Filters:
National\n            Automobile Dealers Association NADA's mission is to serve and represent franchised new-car\n                  and -truck dealers, their    
management and\n                  employees. Contact us for more information: NADA's mission is to serve and represent franchised new-car and\n
-truck dealers, their management and\n              employees. Contact us for more information: Bloomberg News\n The article below is sourced from Bloomberg Wire
Service. The views and opinions expressed in this story are those of the Bloomberg Wire Service and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of
NADA. \xa0 Shares of Indian carmaker Tata Motors Ltd., which owns the luxury SUV brand Jaguar Land Rover, slumped the most in more than two years after the      
company signaled a cautious sales outlook. \xa0 \xa0 The stock slid as much as 9.5%, the most since Feb. 2022, to 947.2 rupees on Monday, the biggest decliner on
the S&P BSE Sensex index. Trading volume was nine times the average for this time of day. \xa0 At least four analysts, including those at Goldman Sachs Group    
Inc. and Morgan Stanley, downgraded their recommendations after the company said it expects sales volumes for its commercial vehicles to be flat or slightly     
lower for the financial year ending March 2025. \xa0 The ongoing elections and the heat wave conditions will likely impact demand for cars in the June quarter,  
Shailesh Chandra, managing director of the company’s passenger vehicles unit told analysts on Friday.\xa0 \xa0 Jaguar’s order book shrank to 133,000 units as of 
March 31, from 148,000 units at the end of December, according to the earnings report on Friday.\xa0 \xa0 Goldman Sachs downgraded the stock to neutral from buy 
and revised its 12-month price target to 1,040 rupees a share from 1,080 rupees earlier. Morgan Stanley cut the stock to equalweight from overweight.\xa0 For    
more stories like this, bookmark\xa0www.NADAheadlines.org\xa0 as a favorite in the browser of your choice and subscribe to our newsletter here: SUBSCRIBE        
The Auto Industry Event of the YearLas Vegas | February 3-6, 2026\xa0 Add to Calendar\xa0 \xa0",
    'https://www.reuters.com/business/autos-transportation/indias-tata-motors-posts-second-straight-quarterly-profit-2023-05-12/': 'Please enable JS and disable 
any ad blocker',
    'https://www.ndtv.com/india-news/tata-motors-to-build-rs-9000-crore-vehicle-manufacturing-plant-in-tamil-nadu-5234995': 'Tata Motors, India\'s largest       
automobile company, on Wednesday signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the government of Tamil Nadu to explore setting-up of a vehicle manufacturing   
facility in the state. According to the MoU, the company will invest 9000 crore rupees to establish the plant in Tamil Nadu over the next five year. The company 
said that the move can potentially create up to 5,000 jobs direct and indirect in the state. The MoU was exchanged in the presence of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister M
K Stalin and Industries Minister T R B Rajaa. Announcing the pact on X, formerly Twitter, Tamil Nadu Chief Minister MK Stalin said that the landmark move further
solidifies its position as the unrivaled automobile capital of India, reminiscent of the transformative impact of Hyundai\'s investment during Kalaignar\'s      
tenure.   In a landmark move, @TataMotors has inked an MoU with the Government of Tamil Nadu to establish a vehicle manufacturing facility, investing Rs. 9000   
crores and creating over 5000 jobs.With this investment, Tamil Nadu further solidifies its position as the unrivaled automobile… https://t.co/cAuSMe0wog
Following the move, the state\'s Industries Minister TRB Rajaa took to X and said that Tamil Nadu has attracted two big automobile manufacturing investments     
within a span of just 2 months. "Over the past couple of years, Tamil Nadu has hit the fast lane and become the ultimate hub for investments, showcasing our     
Chief Minister\'s dedication to fostering top-tier employment for our vibrant youth and amplifying our industrial prowess", the minister wrote on X.  🎉 Another 
BILLION DOLLAR INVESTMENT comes into #TamilNadu ! 🚘🌟 #TataMotors and the Government of Tamil Nadu are revving up for an epic journey!In the presence of our    
Honourable @CMOTamilNadu Thiru. @MKStalin avargal, @TataMotors today signed an MoU with the Government of… https://t.co/cAjpHJvUDd pic.twitter.com/K3RTTNewmK    
Tata Motors, however, did not specify in its exchange filing that what vehicles it would make at the Tamil Nadu\'s new facility. This is the second automobile   
major to sign an MoU in Tamil Nadu in two months. In January this year, Vinfast, Vietnam\'s leading electric vehicle (EV) manufacturer, had committed 4000 crore 
investments in the first phase which could go up to 16000 crore. Track Latest News Live on NDTV.com and get news updates from India  and around the world',      
    'https://www.ndtvprofit.com/markets/tata-motors-samvardhana-motherson-bharat-forge-stocks-fall-as-donald-trump-announces-25-auto-tariff': "Shares of Tata    
Motors Ltd., Samvardhana Motherson International Ltd., Sona BLW Precision Forgings Ltd. and Bharat Forge Ltd. declined in early trade on Thursday after US       
President Donald Trump announced 25% tariffs on auto imports starting April 2. These companies have significant exposure to the US market. Trump signed a        
proclamation to implement the tariff as he aims to bring more manufacturing jobs to the US. “What we’re going to be doing is a 25% tariff on all cars that are   
not made in the United States,” Trump said at the White House on Wednesday. The tariff would apply not only to fully assembled cars but key automobile parts,    
including engines, transmissions, powertrain parts and electrical components. That list could expand over time to encompass additional parts, Bloomberg reported.
Tata Motors share price fell 6.7% intraday, losing over Rs 10,000 crore in market cap. Close to 31% of Jaguar Land Rover's retail sales come from the US and     
models are made in the UK. Samvardhana Motherson slid 7.6%, while Bharat Forge tanked 4.5%. All three stocks fell below their respective 200-day moving average. 
Auto components companies like Bharat Forge generated 25% of their revenue from the US. Samvardhana Motherson had 18% of its income coming from the world's      
second-largest auto market. CLSA noted that SAMIL has manufacturing facilities in the US, including a larger one in Alabama, which could cater to demand from US 
car manufacturers and therefore would see relatively lower impact.  Sona BLW stock fell 6.8% to hit a 52-week low of Rs 463. The company's exposure to the US in 
its topline is 40%. The US currently charges around 2.5% tariff on imports from India on both automobiles and auto parts, while India charges 110% (70% basic    
custom duty and 40% cess) on fully built cars and 15% tariffs on auto parts.",
    'https://www.ndtv.com/feature/ratan-tatas-aide-shantanu-naidu-gets-top-role-at-tata-motors-it-comes-full-circle-7632508': 'Shantanu Naidu has become General 
Manager and Head of Strategic Initiatives at Tata Motors. Mr Naidu shared an emotional post on LinkedIn about the new position.\xa0 He wrote on LinkedIn, "I\'m  
happy to share that I\'m starting a new position as General Manager, Head - Strategic Initiatives at Tata Motors! I remember when my father used to walk home    
from the Tata Motors plant in his white shirt and navy pants, and I would wait for him in the window. It comes full circle now." See the post here:  As per Mr   
Naidu\'s LinkedIn profile, he earned his engineering degree from Savitribai Phule Pune University in 2014 and completed his MBA at Cornell University in 2016. In
2018, he began working as Ratan Tata\'s assistant, and their close friendship soon captured public attention. A video of Mr Naidu singing a birthday song for Mr 
Tata went viral, highlighting their special bond.  A design engineer by profession, Mr Naidu developed an innovation in 2014 aimed at protecting homeless dogs   
from speeding vehicles. His work caught the attention of Ratan Tata, a well-known animal lover, who invested in the project and later became Mr Naidu\'s mentor, 
employer, and close friend. In his book, \'I Came Upon a Lighthouse\', Mr Naidu offers a personal and light-hearted perspective on their unlikely friendship,    
focusing on shared adventures and Tata\'s lesser-known personality traits, rather than just his business achievements. When Mr Naidu expressed his desire to     
write about their journey, Mr Tata agreed, remarking that no single book could truly capture his life. In 2021, Mr Naidu founded Goodfellows, a startup dedicated
to helping elderly people living alone in India. Ratan Tata reportedly gave up ownership in the company and, as a final gesture of generosity, waived Mr Naidu\'s
education loan in his will. On October 9, 2024, Ratan Tata died at the age of 86. Following his mentor\'s demise, Mr Naidu shared an emotional tribute on        
LinkedIn: "The hole that this friendship has now left with me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to fill. Grief is the price to pay for love. Goodbye, my  
dear lighthouse." Track Latest News Live on NDTV.com and get news updates from India  and around the world',
    'https://www.ndtvprofit.com/markets/tata-motors-loses-preference-as-jlr-outlook-has-ubs-bearish-citi-suspends-rating': 'UBS and Citi have shared their       
outlook on Tata Motors Ltd. stock, with UBS remaining bearish and Citi suspending its rating. UBS maintained its \'sell\' rating on the stock with a price target
of Rs 780. The global research house raised red flags on Jaguar Land Rover\'s medium-term outlook, terming it "overly optimistic" in the context of global       
premium auto market challenges. Citi, on the other hand, has suspended its rating on Tata Motors, leaving investors without a directional call for now. While    
JLR\'s all-electric launch plans look ambitious, UBS warns that setbacks experienced by rivals like Volvo and Porsche indicate this could be a risky pivot,      
especially as some automakers are revisiting investments in ICE and hybrid technologies. Although the Range Rover retains its luxury status, UBS flagged
Jaguar\'s declining brand image, citing a significant uphill task to position itself as a super-premium EV player. Reported sales: 27,636 units. Estimated sales:
29,367 units. YoY comparison: 27,636 units in November 2024, compared to 28,029 units in November 2023. Decline: A decline of 1% YoY in CV sales. Sales also fell
short of estimates by about 1,731 units. Reported sales: 47,117 units. Estimated sales: 43,683 units. YoY comparison: 47,117 units in November 2024, compared to 
46,143 units in November 2023. Growth: 2% increase YoY in PV sales; sales exceeded estimates by approximately 3,434 units. Reported sales: 73,246 units. YoY     
comparison: 73,246 units in November 2024, compared to 72,647 units in November 2023. Growth: 1% increase YoY in total domestic sales. Share price of Tata Motors
rose as much as 1.31%, the highest level since Nov. 26. It pared gains to trade 0.31% higher at Rs 788.90 apiece, as of 01:03 p.m., compared to a 0.22% advance  
in the NSE Nifty 50. The stock has risen 0.53% on a year-to-date basis. The relative strength index was at 37.32.  Out of 36 analysts tracking the company, 21   
maintain a \'buy\' rating, 10 recommend a \'hold\' and five suggest \'sell\', according to Bloomberg data. The average 12-month analysts\' consensus price target
implies an upside of 22.5%.',
    'https://www.ndtv.com/auto/tata-motors-exploring-global-markets-for-its-evs-says-md-shailesh-chandra-5979275': 'Tata Motors is confident of its best-selling 
EVs and is looking to introduce them in global markets amid a pushback against Chinese electric cars. "We have the ability to take these products global,"       
Shailesh Chandra, the managing director of Tata Motors\' EV and PV businesses, told NDTV Profit during an interaction in Mumbai on Wednesday. "It is about where 
we would like to focus first-there is a big growth opportunity in India but a bigger opportunity globally because most of the electric vehicles in developed     
countries are priced above $30,000. What we [Tata Motors] have right now is world-class products, all less than $30,000." "We are investing big time in
technology, so I clearly see an opportunity." There has been a significant pushback against Chinese cars globally and bodies like the EU plan to increase tariffs
on Chinese EVs, to as high as 48 per cent in some cases. USA announced a plan to hike the tariffs against Chinese EV by four times, to 102.5 per cent last month.
Canada is working on something similar.\xa0  What this does is, create more opportunities for a company like Tata Motors, since of its products, like the Nexon  
EV, has similar economies of scale as that of Chinese electric cars. One should also take note of the fact that Hyundai Motor India Limited (HMIL), Tata\'s      
closest rival, is planning for an IPO, which will lead down to Hyundai making India an EV manufacturing hub. But Shailesh Chandra is not worried about it.\xa0 "I
wouldn\'t depend too much or even consider the current trade barriers as a key part of our strategy. We should never bank on them because they can always        
change," he said. With a market share of over 70 per cent in India\'s EV segment, Tata Motors has a strong model line-up, with the likes of Tiago, Tigor, Punch  
and the Nexon in its portfolio.\xa0 Presently, Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Pvt. Ltd. is now a billion-dollar enterprise that turned EBITDA positive in      
FY2024. The EV unit clocked a revenue of Rs. 9,300 crore in the financial year ended March 31, 2024, according to its annual report. In volume terms,
wholesales-despatches to dealerships from the factory floor, rose 47.5 per cent year-on-year to 73,844 units in FY24. "With cumulative 150,000 EV production, a  
milestone achieved by few car manufacturers globally, we sold three out of four electric cars in India last year," Chandra said in a letter to shareholders in   
the annual report. "Structurally, I feel that we have an opportunity [to go global], and we are actively looking into the opportunity," Chandra told NDTV Profit.
"When we would\'ve frozen our international strategy-hopefully in a few months-and received board approval, then I will be able to more openly express." Source: 
NDTV Profit Track Latest News Live on NDTV.com and get news updates from India  and around the world',
    'https://www.thehindu.com/business/tata-motors-begins-trials-of-hydrogen-powered-heavy-duty-trucks-for-long-haul-transportation/article69289820.ece': 'March 
4, 2025e-Paper \n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tThe Hindu On Books\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.\n
\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tData Point\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers\n \n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tFirst Day First
Show\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.\n \n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tHealth Matters\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tRamya Kannan writes to  
you on getting to good health, and staying there\n \n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tThe View From India\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tLooking at World Affairs from the Indian
perspective.\n \n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tScience For All\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun
in!\n \n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tKarnataka Today\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka\n \n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tToday\'s
Cache\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.\n March 4, 2025e-Paper  Published - March 04, 2025 05:26 pm IST - New Delhi \n
Union Minister of Road Transport and Highways Nitin Gadkari with Union Minister of Consumer Affairs Pralhad Joshi and Tata Motors Executive Director Girish Wagh 
flags off India’s First Hydrogen Truck Trials, at Taj Palace in New Delhi on Tuesday, March 4, 2025\n                                          | Photo Credit:   
ANI\n                                        Tata Motors on Tuesday (March 4, 2025) launched the first-ever trials of hydrogen-powered heavy duty trucks in order
to assess their viability for long haul transportation solutions.  The trial phase will span up to 24 months and involves deployment of 16 advanced
hydrogen-powered vehicles with varying configurations and payload capacities. The trucks, equipped with Hydrogen Internal Combustion Engines (H2-ICE) and Fuel   
Cell (H2-FCEV) technologies, will be tested on India\'s most prominent freight routes, including those around Mumbai, Pune, Delhi-NCR, Surat, Vadodara,
Jamshedpur and Kalinganagar.  "For heavy duty, long haul transportation battery electric doesn\'t appear to be a viable technology. So while there are
improvements and developments happening in battery....at the same time, we are also trying hydrogen," Tata Motors Executive Director Girish Wagh told PTI.  As   
hydrogen fuel cell or hydrogen internal combustion engine can probably be a viable technology for heavy duty, longer duration transportation, the auto major is  
investing in the technology, he noted.  "Therefore we are investing in it and getting into these trials to get real life feedback and understand how this        
technology can be deployed. So from that perspective, I think this experimentation is very important," Wagh said.  From the trial run, the company would receive 
a feedback in terms of performance of this technology in real life operating conditions, he said.  "We will also understand what are the infrastructure
requirements which will be necessary to commercialise hydrogen. We will also try to understand what is required in terms of commercial viability, and then       
finally, the policy support which will be required," Wagh stated.  Ministry of New and Renewable Energy, under the National Green Hydrogen Mission, has awarded  
the tender to Tata Motors for the trial run.  Flagging off three trucks here, Union Minister Nitin Gadkari said hydrogen is the fuel of the future with immense  
potential to transform India\'s transportation sector by reducing emissions and enhancing energy self-reliance.  "Such initiatives will accelerate the transition
to sustainable mobility in heavy-duty trucking, and move us closer to an efficient, low-carbon future," he added.  Union Minister for New and Renewable Energy   
Pralhad Joshi said the beginning of trial is a significant step forward in showcasing the potential of green hydrogen in decarbonising India\'s transportation   
sector.  This initiative, part of the National Green Hydrogen Mission, reflects the government\'s commitment to driving innovation and achieving India\'s energy 
independence while contributing to global climate goals, he added.  Tata Motors is developing innovative mobility solutions powered by alternative fuel
technologies such as battery electric, CNG, LNG, hydrogen internal combustion, and hydrogen fuel cell.   Published - March 04, 2025 05:26 pm IST \n
business (general)\n                    \n                            /                      \n                        \n                        automobile\n    
\n\t\t\t\t\tCopyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.\n\t\t\t\t BACK TO TOP Terms &
conditions\xa0\xa0|\xa0\xa0Institutional Subscriber Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by   
our community guidelines   for posting your comments.  We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and      
logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older  
comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.',
    'https://www.thehindubusinessline.com/': '\xa0-930.67 \xa0-345.65 \xa0-406.00 \xa0-1,961.00 \xa0-6,968.00 \xa0-930.67 \xa0-345.65 \xa0-345.65 \xa0-406.00    
\xa0-406.00 \xa0-1,961.00 Get businessline apps on Connect with us TO ENJOY ADDITIONAL BENEFITS Connect With Us Get BusinessLine apps on By Ashley Coutinho By   
Aishwarya  Kumar By Subramani Ra Mancombu By Amitha Rajkumar By Subramani Ra Mancombu By Amitha Rajkumar By Subramani Ra Mancombu By Amitha Rajkumar By Aishwarya
Kumar By Subramani Ra Mancombu By Amitha Rajkumar By Subramani Ra Mancombu By Amitha Rajkumar By Subramani Ra Mancombu By Amitha Rajkumar \n\t\t\t\t\tCopyright© 
2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.\n\t\t\t\t BACK TO TOP Terms & conditions\xa0\xa0|\xa0\xa0Institutional
Subscriber',
    'https://www.thehindu.com/business/Industry/how-ratan-tata-bailed-out-ford-by-buying-jaguar-land-rover-despite-the-american-firm-humiliating-him-years-before
/article68740015.ece': 'December 30, 2024e-Paper \n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tThe Hindu On Books\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and  
features.\n \n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tData Point\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers\n \n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tFirst Day First      
Show\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.\n \n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tHealth Matters\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tRamya Kannan writes to  
you on getting to good health, and staying there\n \n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tThe View From India\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tLooking at World Affairs from the Indian
perspective.\n \n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tScience For All\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun
in!\n \n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tKarnataka Today\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka\n \n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tToday\'s
Cache\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.\n December 30, 2024e-Paper Updated  - October 10, 2024 02:14 pm IST - Mumbai  
\n                    File picture of Ratan Tata, centre, with officials of Tata Motors and Jaguar Land Rover at a press conference to announce Jaguar Land      
Rover’s official entry in India on June 28, 2009.\n                                          | Photo Credit: Paul Noronha\n
The story of two iconic brands Jaguar and Land Rover entering the Tata stable began with an insult Ratan Tata couldn\'t bear.  Back in 1998, the legendary       
industrialist launched his dream project, Tata Indica — India\'s first hatchback with a diesel engine. But sales initially were slow and Tata Motors decided to  
sell off its fledgling car business within a year of its debut. \n        ALSO READ: Ratan Tata death reactions live updates: Condolences pour in for national   
icon U.S. auto giant Ford was seen as an ideal candidate. The company acceded to a meeting requirement from Ford Motors. Officials of the U.S. firm came to      
Bombay House for talks sometime in 1999. During the meeting at the Tata headquarters, the American company evinced interest in buying out the business. To take  
the deal forward, Ratan Tata and his team flew to Detroit to meet Bill Ford, then the chairman of Ford. The meeting lasted about three hours but did not go well.
The American businessman was condescending and "humiliated" the Indian businessman, according to a person who attended the meeting. "You do not know anything,   
why did you start the passenger car division at all," the Ford officials told their guests, and spoke about doing a favour to the Indian company by buying out   
the latter\'s business. The deal fell. The team decided to return to India immediately after the meeting. On the 90-minute flight taking them back to New York, a
sombre Ratan Tata spoke very few words. The mortifying experience only made Ratan Tata more focused on his goals. He decided not to sell the unit and what       
followed was a classic example of a failure-turned success story. Nine years later, Ford was on the verge of bankruptcy following the Great Recession of 2008.   
Tata offered to buy two iconic brands in the Ford portfolio — Jaguar and Land Rover.  The $2.3 billion all-cash deal was completed in June 2008 and Ford chairman
Bill Ford thanked Tata, saying, "You are doing us a big favour by buying JLR\'," Pravin Kadle, who was part of the team that travelled with Ratan Tata to the    
U.S. in 1999, had recounted during a public event in 2015.  Post-acquisition, the Tata Group has scripted one of the most fabulous turnarounds in the auto       
industry and has been able to position the marquee British brands as formidable entities in the fiercely competitive global car market.  Even as Tata Motors has 
come a long way and gained market share in India, it continues to earn a significant part of revenues from the JLR.  Today, JLR is the backbone of Tata Motors.  
Published - October 10, 2024 02:13 pm IST \n                        death\n                    \n                            /                      \n
\n                        automobile\n                    \n                            /                      \n                        \n
cars\n                     \n\t\t\t\t\tCopyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.\n\t\t\t\t BACK TO TOP Terms &  
conditions\xa0\xa0|\xa0\xa0Institutional Subscriber Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by   
our community guidelines   for posting your comments.  We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and      
logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older  
comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.',
    'https://www.thehindu.com/business/tata-motors-in-talks-to-sell-minority-stake-in-ev-business-report/article66543392.ece': "March 28, 2025e-Paper
\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tThe Hindu On Books\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.\n \n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tData
Point\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers\n \n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tFirst Day First Show\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tNews and reviews  
from the world of cinema and streaming.\n \n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tHealth Matters\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying
there\n \n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tThe View From India\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.\n \n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tScience For       
All\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!\n \n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tKarnataka
Today\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka\n \n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tToday's Cache\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tYour download of the top 5     
technology stories of the day.\n March 28, 2025e-Paper Updated  - February 23, 2023 04:39 pm IST - BENGALURU \n                    Representational image\n      
| Photo Credit: Reuters\n                                        Tata Motors has begun talks with sovereign wealth funds and private equity investors to raise up
to $1 billion via a stake sale in its electric vehicle (EV) business, Economic Times reported on Thursday, citing sources. The company plans to sell a
significant minority stake, the newspaper report added, eyeing a valuation of about $10.5 billion. The funds and investors include the UAE-based Abu Dhabi       
Investment Authority (ADIA) and Mubadala Investment Company, the Saudi Arabia-headquartered Public Investment Fund, Singapore’s Temasek Holdings, and KKR and    
General Atlantic. Tata Motors and some of the companies did not immediately respond to Reuters’ request for comment. KKR declined to comment while Temasek said  
it does not comment on “market speculation and rumours”. Tata Motors plans to use the bulk of the proceeds to retire a part of its outstanding debt and infuse a 
small portion as primary equity in the EV business, the report said. Earlier this week, Uber Technologies said it plans to introduce 25,000 EVs over three years 
in the country and will buy vehicles from Tata Motors, India’s biggest electric carmaker. Tata Motors has outlined plans to expand its electric car portfolio    
with new models and higher price points. India’s car market is tiny compared to its population, with electric models making up just 1% of total car sales of     
about 3 million a year. The Government wants to grow this to 30% by 2030. In 2021, Tata Motors raised $1 billion from TPG and Abu Dhabi state holding company ADQ
for its EV unit at a $9 billion valuation, pledging to invest more than $2 billion in its EV business over five years.  Published - February 23, 2023 09:06 am   
IST \n                        business (general)\n                     \n\t\t\t\t\tCopyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All     
rights reserved.\n\t\t\t\t BACK TO TOP Terms & conditions\xa0\xa0|\xa0\xa0Institutional Subscriber Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They   
cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by our community guidelines   for posting your comments.  We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are  
already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to   
post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.",
    'https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-60211153': 'Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) lost Â£9m ($12m) in the last three months of 2021 amid the global computer chip     
shortage. The UK car maker saw its retail sales fall 37.6% compared to a year earlier, as it sold 80,126 vehicles in the quarter to the end of December. Despite 
that fall in production the company saw revenue of Â£4.7bn, up 22% on the previous quarter. Manufacturers around the world have been hit hard as they struggle to
secure supplies of semiconductors. "Whilst semiconductor supplies have continued to constrain sales this quarter, we continue to see very strong demand for our  
products underlining the desirability of our vehicles," JLR\'s chief executive Thierry BollorÃ© said in a statement. However, the company also warned that it    
expects the chip shortage to continue throughout this year but expect supplies to gradually improve. That helped push JLR\'s Indian parent company Tata Motors to
a 15.16bn rupees (Â£150m; $203.2m) loss for the period. JLR also said that its order book has hit a new record high of around 155,000 vehicles, due to strong    
demand for the new Range Rover. Chips are vital to modern cars, with a number of features including touchscreen controls, automatic emergency brakes, reversing  
cameras, fuel efficiency equipment and airbag deployment systems all relying on them. Car production falls to lowest level for 65 years Chip supplies plunge amid
global shortage, US says On Friday, industry figures showed that UK car production last year fell to its lowest level since 1965. The Society of Motor
Manufacturers and Traders said that just under 860,000 new cars left UK factories in 2021. Production last year was 6.7% lower than in 2020 - and a full 34%     
below its pre-pandemic level. The SMMT said the figures were dismal, largely thanks to a global microchip shortage and disruption caused by the coronavirus      
pandemic. Car makers around the world have also been impacted by the chip shortage, along with supply chain disruptions, Covid-19 restrictions and rising prices 
of raw materials. Motor industry giants including Toyota, General Motors, Ford, Nissan, Daimler, BMW and Renault, have all been forced to scale back production  
in recent months as they struggled to secure enough semiconductors. This video can not be played Watch: How the semiconductor shortage could be a problem for you
Tatas take over loss-making Air India Chip supplies plunge amid global shortage, US says Jaguar Land Rover owner feels chip shortage strain Jaguar Land Rover    
halts output over chip shortage Why is there a chip shortage? Trump tells US to \'hang tough\' over tariffs as Land Rover pauses shipments to country MP
suspended from Labour Party after arrest Starmer\'s response to Trump tariffs is both to slow down and go faster Pilots, parties, and pranks: Filming Top Gun    
with Val Kilmer and Tom Cruise \'Now that I\'m sober, I hope my dad can do the same\' Trump\'s agenda grapples with political and economic reality Woman
contacted by stranger on DNA site - and the truth about her birth unravelled Tariffs have shaken the markets - how worried should we be? â\x80\x98Sobbing over   
semolinaâ\x80\x99: Your school dinner memories Will Â£75 be the new normal for video games after Switch 2\'s Mario Kart? Spain tackles housing \'social
emergency\' as rents double in a decade US Politics Unspun: Cut through the noise with Anthony\'s Zurcher\'s newsletter - sign up On the frontline with the      
Scottish Ambulance Service How safe are the most popular dating apps? Who will fit like a glove and make it to the final five? Emma Stone and Stanley Tucci star 
in this teen rom com Copyright Â© 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.',
    'https://www.bbc.com/news/business-65698529': 'The UK is set to win a battle with Spain to host a multi-billion-pound electric car battery plant in Somerset,
the BBC understands. The boss of Jaguar Land Rover-owner Tata is expected to fly to London next week to finalise the deal. Some in the car industry have
described the plant as the most significant investment in UK automotive since Nissan came to Britain in the 1980s.  Tata\'s chairman is scheduled to meet the    
prime minister mid-next week.  Sources familiar with the matter say that although the deal has yet to be signed, engagement has moved from negotiations to       
drafting and choreography of how the landmark agreement will be presented.   Up to 9,000 jobs would be created at the Bridgwater site, close to the M5. The UK   
government has acknowledged the urgent need for electric vehicle battery manufacturing in the UK to secure the future of the car industry.  The country\'s       
automotive sector employs up to 800,000 people directly and in the supply chain.  When pressed on the subject last week, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt told the BBC to  
"watch this space".   Tata was considering another site in Spain and the expected decision to choose Somerset will be presented as a major achievement for the UK
government. The government has been criticised for lacking a clear industrial strategy and falling behind the US and EU in attracting investment.   Last week,   
one of the world\'s biggest carmakers, Stellantis, warned it may have to close UK factories if the government does not renegotiate the Brexit deal. The firm,    
which owns Vauxhall, Peugeot, Citroen and Fiat, had committed to making electric cars in the UK but told the BBC this was under threat. In the case of Tata\'s   
new plant, the UK\'s expected success has not been easily or cheaply won.  The government has said that while it does not recognise a figure of £500m in reported
subsidies, they concede that it is in the hundreds of millions of pounds. This would take the form of cash grants, energy subsidies and other training and       
research funding.   India\'s Tata has extensive steel interests in the UK including the Port Talbot plant in South Wales and the government will also offer      
around £300m to subsidise, upgrade, and decarbonise those operations. Along with additional energy discounts, it will bring the total incentive package to Tata  
close to £800m.  Government sources conceded that while the two investments will not be announced at the same time, the two projects are linked.  The Somerset   
site\'s access to power, a skilled UK automotive workforce and the British heritage of Jaguar Land Rover\'s brands are also cited as helping the UK bid.
Although the price tag will be seen as high, the UK is reluctantly involved in an international subsidy war which has been dramatically escalated by the US      
Inflation Reduction Act - a piece of legislation offering $370bn (£299bn) in sweeteners to companies prepared to locate production and supply chains in the US.  
The EU is preparing its own package in response.   Some industry insiders hope that the Tata battery investment will open the door to further battery investments
in the UK, which currently only has one plant in operation next to Nissan\'s Sunderland factory, and one barely on the drawing board in Northumberland.  By      
contrast the EU has 35 plants open, under construction or planned.   Number 10 said it did not comment on commercially sensitive matters.   The British firm say 
no vehicles will be shipped in April as it processes the impact of Donald Trump\'s tariffs. Stellantis will pause operations at its Ontario plant for two weeks, 
leaving thousands worried about their jobs.  One firm owner says US expansion plans are "in tatters", as job cuts in the car industry are feared. The property   
group that bought the site says the investment in the project could create 1,700 jobs. Bosses said 4,000 jobs will be created and enough battery cells annually  
to supply 500,000 vehicles. Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.\xa0\xa0The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.\xa0Read about our      
approach to external linking. \xa0',
    'https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/cjd5835mp4ko': 'Ratan Tata was one of India\'s most internationally recognised business leaders Indian tycoon Ratan Tata
has died aged 86, says the Tata Group, the conglomerate he led for more than two decades. Tata was one of India\'s most internationally recognised business      
leaders. The Tata Group is one of India\'s largest companies, with annual revenues in excess of $100bn (Â£76.5bn). In a statement announcing Tata\'s death, the  
current chairman of Tata Sons described him as a "truly uncommon leader". Natarajan Chandrasekaran added: "On behalf of the entire Tata family, I extend our     
deepest condolences to his loved ones. "His legacy will continue to inspire us as we strive to uphold the principles he so passionately championed." During his  
tenure as chairman of the Tata Group, the conglomerate made several high-profile acquisitions, including the takeover of Anglo-Dutch steelmaker Corus, UK-based  
car brands Jaguar and Land Rover, and Tetley, the world\'s second-largest tea company.  UK Business Secretary Jonathan Reynolds said in tribute that Tata was a  
"titan of the business world" who "played a huge role in shaping British industry". A profile published in the Economist magazine in 2011 called Tata a "titan", 
crediting him with transforming the family group into "a global powerhouse". "He owns less than 1% of the group that bears his family name. But he is a titan    
nonetheless: the most powerful businessman in India and one of the most influential in the world," the magazine said. In 2012, he retired as chairman of the     
group and was appointed chairman emeritus of Tata Sons, the group\'s holding company. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi hailed Tata as a "visionary business   
leader, a compassionate soul and an extraordinary human being". Paying tribute on X, formerly known as Twitter, Modi recounted "countless interactions" with Tata
and said he was "extremely pained" by his death. Tata - whose body is lying at a cultural centre in Mumbai to allow people to pay their respects - is to receive 
a state funeral later on Thursday. Obituary: Ratan Tata, the \'modest\' Indian tycoon Tata was born in a traditional Parsi family in 1937. He studied
architecture and structural engineering at Cornell University in the US. In 1962, he joined Tata Industries - the promoter company of the group - as an assistant
and spent six months training at a company plant in Jamshedpur. From there, he went on to work at the Tata Iron and Steel Company (now Tata Steel), Tata
Consultancy Services (TCS) and National Radio and Electronics (Nelco). In 1991, JRD Tata, who had led the group for over half a century, appointed Ratan Tata as 
his successor. "He [JRD Tata] was my greatest mentor... he was like a father and a brother to me - and not enough has been said about that," Tata later told an  
interviewer. In 2008, the Indian government awarded him the Padma Vibhushan, the country\'s second-highest civilian honour. This video can not be played India\'s
Ratan Tata: In his own words Peter Casey, author of The Story of Tata, described Tata as a "modest, reserved and even shy man" who had a "stately calm" about him
and a "fierce discipline". He was drawn into a rare unsavoury controversy in 2016, when his successor as Tata Sons chairman, Cyrus Mistry, was ousted from the   
role, sparking a bitter management feud. Mistry died in a car crash in 2022. The business tycoon also had a lighter side to him. His love for fast cars and      
planes was well-known - the Tata group website describes these as some of his "enduring passions". Tata was also a scuba diving enthusiast, a hobby that fizzled 
with age "as his ears could take the pressure no more". He was also a dog lover and fondly remembered the many pets who gave him company over the decades. "My   
love for dogs as pets is ever strong and will continue for as long as I live," the industrialist said in a 2021 interview. "There is an indescribable sadness    
every time one of my pets passes away and I resolve I cannot go through another parting of that nature. And yet, two-three years down the road, my home becomes  
too empty and too quiet for me to live without them, so there is another dog that gets my affection and attention, just like the last one," he said. He was also 
often praised for his simplicity. In 2022, a video of him travelling in a Nano car - one of the world\'s cheapest cars, now mostly remembered as one of Tata\'s  
failed dreams - went viral on social media. From the archive: The men of steel with a softer side Trump tells US to \'hang tough\' over tariffs as Land Rover    
pauses shipments to country MP suspended from Labour Party after arrest Starmer\'s response to Trump tariffs is both to slow down and go faster Pilots, parties, 
and pranks: Filming Top Gun with Val Kilmer and Tom Cruise \'Now that I\'m sober, I hope my dad can do the same\' Trump\'s agenda grapples with political and    
economic reality Woman contacted by stranger on DNA site - and the truth about her birth unravelled Tariffs have shaken the markets - how worried should we be?  
â\x80\x98Sobbing over semolinaâ\x80\x99: Your school dinner memories Will Â£75 be the new normal for video games after Switch 2\'s Mario Kart? Spain tackles     
housing \'social emergency\' as rents double in a decade US Politics Unspun: Cut through the noise with Anthony\'s Zurcher\'s newsletter - sign up On the        
frontline with the Scottish Ambulance Service How safe are the most popular dating apps? Who will fit like a glove and make it to the final five? Emma Stone and 
Stanley Tucci star in this teen rom com Copyright Â© 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external 
linking.',
    'https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cd651lqdgj6o': 'The UK will not be "jumping into a trade war" with the US over Donald Trump\'s plans to place 25% import  
taxes on cars entering America, the prime minister has said. The government is trying to avoid tariffs, set to come into effect on 2 April, through "intense     
negotiations" with US counterparts, Sir Keir Starmer added. The PM\'s comments come amid concerns tariffs could upend global motor trade and supply chains, with 
one of the biggest UK-based exporters to the US, Jaguar Land Rover (JLR), in line to be the one of the manufacturers most affected.  Trump has argued the        
measures will lead to "tremendous growth" for the car industry, promising it would spur jobs and investment in the US. But Sir Keir said the tariffs were "very  
concerning", adding that the government would be "pragmatic and clear-eyed" in its response. "The industry does not want a trade war, but it\'s important that we
keep all options on the table," he added. UK car exports are worth about £7.6bn per year, and the US is the second largest market for UK cars after the European 
Union, according to car industry body the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT). There are about 198,000 people directly employed in the UK car      
industry, and it supports about 813,000 jobs in the wider economy, it said. All of the major car makers in the UK have foreign owners. JLR, which is owned by    
Indian conglomerate Tata Motors, said the company was  "waiting for further information" on the tariffs. Meanwhile, the founder of car parts firm Unipart said   
the tariffs would push people around the world towards buying Chinese-made cars. The Trump administration plans to impose 25% taxes on imports of cars from 2    
April. Taxes on parts are set to start in May or later. The latest move threatens to widen the global trade war and is part of the president\'s drive to protect 
American businesses and boost manufacturing within the US. Tariffs are taxes charged on goods imported from other countries. Those costs could then be passed    
onto consumers through higher prices, encouraging Americans to switch to US-built vehicles. It may also force firms to manufacture and invest in the US. "If you 
build your car in the United States there is no tariff," Trump has said. But the approach has been questioned by a number of economists, who argue it will push  
up inflation. In the UK, the SMMT said the announcement of the tariffs by Trump on Wednesday were "not surprising but, nevertheless, disappointing" but called on
both governments to strike a deal. Its chief executive, Mike Hawes, said the "UK and US auto industries have a long-standing and productive relationship, with US
consumers enjoying vehicles built in Britain by some iconic brands, while thousands of UK motorists buy cars made in America". The UK government is in talks with
the US administration and remains hopeful of a trade deal before tariffs come into force, the BBC understands. Duncan Edwards, chief executive of BritishAmerican
Business, a group representing transatlantic firms, said there was a "very strong case to be made" that the UK should be free from all US tariffs. "Unlike other 
trading relationships, the US and UK do not have a trade imbalance, nor is there a significant disparity in wage structures or labour standards and if anything, 
the UK is at a disadvantage with its higher energy costs," he said. John Neill, the founder of Unipart and the firm\'s former executive chairman, said the Trump 
tariffs were "a gift to the Chinese car industry", because international consumers would respond to a trade war by buying Chinese alternatives. He added the     
tariffs could have "unintended consequences". "The Americans may think they\'re boxing the world car industry out of the US, but the reality is they are going to
box the US car industry out of the world," he said. JLR is the the most exposed UK-based car firm to Trump\'s tariffs, according to Ibisworld analyst Yusuf      
Allinson. He said the tariffs "represent a grave danger to a UK car manufacturing sector in transition" as firms retool factories for electric vehicles. Mr      
Allinson added that it would be "extremely difficult" for UK car firms to find alternative markets because the "sector is saturated". "UK-made vehicles are      
already exported globally, so creating new demand to replace falling US volumes will be a challenge," he said. He added that the UK could respond with
retaliatory tariffs on Tesla, which is currently the most popular electric vehicle sold in the UK, selling more than 50,000 cars per year. Tesla, which is owned 
by Elon Musk, will not be "unscathed" by tariffs, the billionaire and Trump advisor wrote on X. "The tariff impact on Tesla is still significant," he said.      
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.\xa0\xa0The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.\xa0Read about our approach to external linking.    
\xa0',
    'https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-44719656': 'Jaguar Land Rover has warned that a "bad" Brexit deal would threaten Â£80bn worth of investment plans for   
the UK and may force it to close factories.  The UK\'s biggest carmaker, owned by India\'s Tata Motors, said its "heart and soul is in the UK". But without      
frictionless trade JLR said its UK investment plans would be in jeopardy. The warning came as Downing Street set out details of a possible post-Brexit customs   
arrangement. No 10 sets out new Brexit customs plan BMW joins Airbus in Brexit warning Government looks for business Brexit support Jaguar Land Rover chief      
executive Ralf Speth said: "A bad Brexit deal would cost Jaguar Land Rover more than Â£1.2bn profit each year. "As a result, we would have to drastically adjust 
our spending profile. We have spent around Â£50bn in the UK in the past five years - with plans for a further Â£80bn more in the next five. "This would be in    
jeopardy should we be faced with the wrong outcome." Mr Speth said the firm urgently needs "greater certainty" to continue to investing heavily in the UK. He    
told the Financial Times:, external "If I\'m forced to go out because we don\'t have the right deal, then we have to close plants here in the UK and it will be  
very, very sad. This is hypothetical, and I hope it\'s an option we never have to go for." Uncertainty over Brexit, as well as the future of diesel cars, has    
already led the carmaker to announce a series of changes to its UK business. At the beginning of the year, JLR said it would cut production at its plant in      
Halewood, Merseyside where it builds three of its Range Rover models. In April, it decided not to renew the contracts for 1,000 temporary workers in Solihull.   
Last month, JLR said it would shift production of the Land Rover Discovery SUV to Slovakia, potentially leading to some UK job losses. However, the carmaker also
said that it was investing in its Solihull site to allow it to build its new Range Rover models, some of which will be electric-powered, from 2020. PB Balaji,   
chief financial officer at Tata Motors, said: "Jaguar Land Rover and Tata Motors have always maintained that the uncertainties from Brexit are avoidable and the 
business seeks clarity to ensure that industry takes timely and right decisions to manage the transition. "Additionally, Jaguar Land Rover needs free and full   
access to the single market beyond transition to remain competitive which we also firmly believe is in the best long term interests of the United Kingdom. "The  
recent statement from JLR only reaffirms this position that a Brexit which increases bureaucracy, reduces productivity and competitiveness of the UK industry is 
in no-one\'s interest." As well as Halewood and Solihull, JLR also has a manufacturing plant in Castle Bromwich, Birmingham where it makes its Jaguar cars. Last 
year, it made more than 600,000 cars, 20% of which were sold to mainland Europe, one of its biggest markets. JLR said that it spent Â£5.67bn with UK suppliers of
production parts during its last financial year, as well as Â£5.37bn with EU-based businesses. Simon Jack, BBC business editor JLR may be Indian-owned, but its  
brand and - as the company puts it - its heart and soul is in the UK. It employs 40,000 people directly and 260,000 work in its supply chain. JLR\'s warning     
follows those of Airbus, BMW and Nissan who have all said further investment in the UK is "under review" and could be cancelled if the country leaves the EU     
without a deal that ensures frictionless trade.  JLR insiders say Â£80bn worth of future investment in the UK over the next five years "could be lost". The      
intervention of such a major employer - which in many ways is rightly perceived as more British than the likes of BMW, Airbus and Nissan - will heap more        
pressure on the government ahead of a crunch meeting of government ministers on Friday. At this meeting, business hopes the government will finally settle on its
own preferred version of the UK\'s future economic relationship with its largest market.  Business Secretary Greg Clark said the government was "determined" to  
make sure JLR could "continue to prosper and invest in Britain". The Jaguar Land Rover warning follows similar statements from BMW and Airbus. However, Health   
Secretary Jeremy Hunt has called these warnings "completely inappropriate". Allow X content? This article contains content provided by X. We ask for your        
permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Xâ\x80\x99s cookie policy, external and privacy  
policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose â\x80\x98accept and continueâ\x80\x99. Meanwhile, the British Retail Consortium (BRC) has warned  
in a letter to Prime Minister Theresa May and EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier that failure to reach an agreement to ensure frictionless trade will  result in 
customs delays for perishable goods.  The BRC says that a third of the food consumed in the UK is imported from the EU. Car investment slumps on \'Brexit        
worries\' BMW says prices could rise post-Brexit Airbus warns it could exit UK Comments can not be loaded To load Comments you need to enable JavaScript in your 
browser Trump tells US to \'hang tough\' over tariffs as Land Rover pauses shipments to country MP suspended from Labour Party after arrest Starmer\'s response  
to Trump tariffs is both to slow down and go faster Pilots, parties, and pranks: Filming Top Gun with Val Kilmer and Tom Cruise \'Now that I\'m sober, I hope my 
dad can do the same\' Trump\'s agenda grapples with political and economic reality Woman contacted by stranger on DNA site - and the truth about her birth       
unravelled Tariffs have shaken the markets - how worried should we be? â\x80\x98Sobbing over semolinaâ\x80\x99: Your school dinner memories Will Â£75 be the new 
normal for video games after Switch 2\'s Mario Kart? Spain tackles housing \'social emergency\' as rents double in a decade US Politics Unspun: Cut through the  
noise with Anthony\'s Zurcher\'s newsletter - sign up On the frontline with the Scottish Ambulance Service How safe are the most popular dating apps? Who will   
fit like a glove and make it to the final five? Emma Stone and Stanley Tucci star in this teen rom com Copyright Â© 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the 
content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.',
    'https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/tata-motors-ltd/stocks/companyid-12934.cms': "Know what29 Analysts are recommending? Discover this stock’sPotential    
Return & Target Price Explore Upto36% Upside Potential in theAuto Sector Company has spent 2.28% of its operating revenues towards interest expenses and 9.7%    
towards employee cost in the year ending Mar 31, 2024. (Source: Consolidated Financials) Weekly stochastic crossover appeared on week ending Apr 04, 2025.       
Average price decline of -8.13% within 7 weeks of this signal in last 10 years. Stock gave a 3 year return of 34.01% as compared to Nifty 100 which gave a return
of 30.55%. (as of last trading session) Weekly MACD crossover appeared on week ending Apr 04, 2025. Average price decline of -10.54% within 7 weeks of this      
signal in last 10 years. Tata Motors Ltd. share price moved down by -6.14% from its previous close of Rs 653.95. Tata Motors Ltd. stock last traded price is     
613.85 Do you find these insights useful? hate it meh love it Beta 1 Month2.093 Months2.256 Months2.131 Year1.813 Years1.65 Beta 1 Month2.053 Months2.266        
Months2.141 Year1.843 Years1.66 Beta 1 Month2.093 Months2.256 Months2.131 Year1.813 Years1.65 Beta 1 Month2.053 Months2.266 Months2.141 Year1.843 Years1.66 Check
whether Tata Motors belongs to analysts' top-rated companies list? Tata Motors demerger, business split update: Shareholders to vote on May 6 India backs EV     
tariff cuts for Trump trade deal, defying autos lobby, sources say Tata Motors shares in focus after flat March 2025 sales Notice Convening Meeting Of The Equity
Shareholders Of Tata Motors Limited Pursuant To The Order Of Honorable National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench Current Mean Recos by 29 Analysts Employee &  
Interest Expense All figures in Rs Cr, unless mentioned otherwise All figures in Rs Cr, unless mentioned otherwise All figures in Rs Cr, unless mentioned        
otherwise MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (FY 19-20) Focus area : improve volumes and reduce costs and improve cash flows The Company has taken various       
initiatives, to maintain its leadership, improve market share and financial performance. It has been aggressively pursuing and implementing its strategies to    
improve volumes and reduce costs and improve cash flows, launch of new products with advanced technologies, (particularly in passenger vehicles) coupled with    
sale, service, marketing campaigns and customer engagement programs. Scenario Building ** Global industry volumes of about 55 million units for calendar year    
2020 and about 65 million units for calendar year 2021, representing decreases of about 39% and 28% respectively compared to calendar year 2019. This represents 
a more L shaped recovery from COVID-19, based on selected external industry downside forecasts. • Compared to Fiscal 2019/20, a decline in JLR wholesale volumes 
for Fiscal 2020/21 and Fiscal 2021/22 broadly similar to the assumed industry decline referenced, with adjustment for the effect of moving from a calendar year  
to the Group’s 31st March year-end. New Product launches  After a hiatus of nearly 4 years, the back-to back product launches in PV and CV had a rejuvenation    
effect for the Tata Motors brand supporting the topline focus gaining market share across all categories.\n\n **  From Jaguar Land Rover_Annual Report Fiscal    
year 2019/20 Employee & Interest Expense Company has spent 2.28% of its operating revenues towards interest expenses and 9.7% towards employee cost in the year  
ending Mar 31, 2024. (Source: Consolidated Financials) Do you find these insights useful? hate it meh love it Bullish / Bearish signals for Tata Motors basis    
selected technical indicators and moving average crossovers. MACD Crossover Bearish signal on weekly chart Appeared on: 4 Apr 2025 Region: Negative Average price
decline of -10.54% within 7 weeks of Bearish signal in last 10 years Stochastic Crossover Bearish signal on weekly chart Appeared on: 4 Apr 2025 Region:
Equlibrium Average price decline of -8.13% within 7 weeks of Bearish signal in last 10 years MACD Crossover Bearish signal on daily chart Appeared on: 3 Apr 2025
Region: Negative Average price decline of -5.01% within 10 days of Bearish signal in last 10 years Stock Returns vs Nifty 100 Stock Returns vs Nifty Auto Choose 
from Peers Choose from Stocks Choose from Peers Choose from Stocks Stock Returns vs Nifty 100 Stock Returns vs Nifty Auto Choose from Peers Choose from Stocks   
Stock Returns vs Nifty 100 Stock gave a 3 year return of 34.01% as compared to Nifty 100 which gave a return of 30.55%. (as of last trading session) Stock       
Returns vs Nifty Auto Stock generated 34.01% return as compared to Nifty Auto which gave investors 95.89% return over 3 year time period. (as of last trading    
session) Do you find these insights useful? hate it meh love it 1,064.82 Amount Invested (in Cr.) 3.14% % of AUM 7.99 % Change (MoM basis) 777.96 Amount Invested
(in Cr.) 1.69% % of AUM 0.00 % Change (MoM basis) 588.98 Amount Invested (in Cr.) 1.83% % of AUM 2.82 % Change (MoM basis) MF Ownership as on 28 February 2025   
Price 655.55-19.95 \n            (-2.95%)\n             Open Interest 6,98,92,35024,54,650 \n                (3.64%)\n             Open Interest as of 04 Apr    
2025 Price 42.00-18.20 \n                                (-30.23%)\n            \t                 Open Interest 2,37,050-5,500 \n
(-2.27%)\n            \t                 Open Interest as of 04 Apr 2025 Tata Motors Ltd., incorporated in the year 1945, is a Large Cap company (having a market
cap of Rs 2,25,965.85 Crore) operating in Auto sector. Tata Motors Ltd. key Products/Revenue Segments include Motor Vehicles, Spare Parts & Others, Miscellaneous
Goods, Sale of services and Other Operating Revenue for the year ending 31-Mar-2024.For the quarter ended 31-12-2024, the company has reported a Consolidated    
Total Income of Rs 115,365.00 Crore, up 11.99 % from last quarter Total Income of Rs 103,016.00 Crore and up 2.93 % from last year same quarter Total Income of  
Rs 112,075.94 Crore. Company has reported net profit after tax of Rs 5,616.00 Crore in latest quarter.The company’s top management includes Mr.N Chandrasekaran, 
Mr.Girish Wagh, Mr.Al-Noor Ramji, Mr.Bharat Puri, Ms.Hanne Sorensen, Mr.Kosaraju V Chowdary, Mr.Om Prakash Bhatt, Mrs.Usha Sangwan, Ms.Vedika Bhandarkar, Mr.P B 
Balaji, Mr.Maloy Kumar Gupta. Company has BSR & Co. LLP as its auditors. As on 31-12-2024, the company has a total of 368.11 Crore shares outstanding.Tata Motors
Share Price Today is Rs. 613.85. On previous day, the Tata Motors Share Price (NSE) closed at Rs. 653.95, featuring among the most traded securities on the      
National Stock Exchange.    Shareholdings:  As of 31st Dec, 2024, the promoter held 42.58% of the stake in Tata Motors shares, out of which 0.0% was pledged. On 
the same date, foreign institutional investors' (FII) holdings of Tata Motors stocks was 18.66% as compared to 20.54% in Sep 2024 with decrease of 1.88%. The    
domestic institutional investors (DII) holdings on 31st Dec, 2024 was 16.48% as compared to 16.01% in Sep 2024 with increase of 0.47%. Out of the total DII      
holdings in Tata Motors shares 10.96% was held by mutual funds. The rest including public held is 22.28%. Tata Motors stock price is reflected on both the       
exchanges - BSE and NSE.   Dividend, Bonus & Split Information:  Tata Motors Dividend: Ever since 1945, Tata Motors dividends has been paid out around 23 times. 
As on 04 Apr, 2025, 03:59 PM IST, The overall dividend yield for Tata Motors stands at 0.92%. The last dividend paid was on June 11, 2024 (Rs. 3.0). The Earnings
Per Share (EPS) for quarter ending 31st Dec 2024 is Rs. 86.3.   Tata Motors Bonus: The most recent bonus issue had been in year October 4, 1995 around 29 years  
ago at 5 : 3 ratio. The first bonus issue was announced in Apr 1977.   Stock Forecast:  After showing 116107.0 Cr. of sales and 11.71% of quarterly net profit,  
there have been multiple ups and downs in the Tata Motors stock prices in the past few weeks. For example, Tata Motors stock price on 28th of March 2025 was     
around Rs. 674.45. Tata Motors share price now stands at an average of Rs. 613.85. Judging by last week's performance, stock is in down trend.  Tata Motors has a
median target price of Rs. 827.11 in 12 months by 28 analysts. They have provided a high estimate of Rs. 1300.0 and low estimate of Rs. 625.0 for Tata Motors    
share.   Historical Prices and Performance:  Tata Motors, incorporated in 1945 is a Large Cap company (with a market cap of Rs. 225965.85) operating in Auto     
sector.  The Return of Equity (ROE) in last five financial years given by Tata Motors stock was 36.97%, 5.32%, -25.67%, -24.34% and -19.13% respectively. The    
Tata Motors share gave a 3 year return of 37.4% as compared to Nifty 50 which gave a return of 26.87%.  Tata Motors announced 150.0% final dividend on June 11,  
2024.   Key Metrics:  PE Ratio of Tata Motors is 7.58  Prices/Sales Ratio of Tata Motors is 0.87  Price/Book Ratio of Tata Motors is 2.52    Peer Insights:      
Peers are businesses with comparable activities, buisness objectives and affiliation with a particular industry area. For Tata Motors, major competitors and     
peers include  Maruti Suzuki,  M&M,  Hyundai Motor India Ltd. and  Ashok Leyland. As of Sep 2024, the dividend yield of Tata Motors stands at 0.92% while  Maruti
Suzuki,  M&M,  Hyundai Motor India Ltd. and  Ashok Leyland stand at  1.09%, 0.81%, 9.96% and 2.41%  respectively. The PE ratio and PB Ratio of the company are   
among its competitors stand at 7.58 and 2.52 respectively.    Recommendations:  The current total number of analysts covering the stock stands at 29, Three      
months ago this number stood at 29. Out of total, 6 analyst have a'Strong Buy' reco, 12 analyst have a'Buy' reco, 7 analyst have a'Hold' reco, 3 analyst have    
a'Sell' reco.   Mean recommendations by 29 analyst stand at'Buy'.   Leadership of Tata Motors :    Maloy Kumar Gupta is Co. Secretary & Compl. Officer   P B     
Balaji is Group Chief Financial Officer   N Chandrasekaran is Chairman & Non-Exe.Director   Girish Wagh is Executive Director   Hanne Sorensen is Ind.
Non-Executive Director   Vedika Bhandarkar is Ind. Non-Executive Director   Kosaraju V Chowdary is Ind. Non-Executive Director   Al-Noor Ramji is Ind.
Non-Executive Director   Usha Sangwan is Ind. Non-Executive Director   Om Prakash Bhatt is Ind. Non-Executive Director   Bharat Puri is Ind. Non-Executive       
Director   N Chandrasekaran is Chairman & Non-Exe.Director   Girish Wagh is Executive Director   Hanne Sorensen is Ind. Non-Executive Director   Vedika
Bhandarkar is Ind. Non-Executive Director   Kosaraju V Chowdary is Ind. Non-Executive Director   Al-Noor Ramji is Ind. Non-Executive Director   Usha Sangwan is  
Ind. Non-Executive Director   Om Prakash Bhatt is Ind. Non-Executive Director   Bharat Puri is Ind. Non-Executive Director   N Chandrasekaran is Chairman &      
Non-Exe.Director   Girish Wagh is Executive Director   Hanne Sorensen is Ind. Non-Executive Director   Vedika Bhandarkar is Ind. Non-Executive Director
Kosaraju V Chowdary is Ind. Non-Executive Director   Al-Noor Ramji is Ind. Non-Executive Director   Usha Sangwan is Ind. Non-Executive Director   Om Prakash     
Bhatt is Ind. Non-Executive Director   Bharat Puri is Ind. Non-Executive Director    \n                                Show More  N Chandrasekaran Girish Wagh   
Al-Noor Ramji Bharat Puri Hanne Sorensen Kosaraju V Chowdary Om Prakash Bhatt Usha Sangwan Vedika Bhandarkar P B Balaji Maloy Kumar Gupta Industry Auto -        
Cars/UV/CV Key Indices Listed on Nifty 50, BSE Sensex, Nifty 100, + 54 more Address Bombay House,24, Homi Mody Street,Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400001 Contact       
inv_rel@tatamotors.com http://www.tatamotors.com DATA SOURCES: TickerPlant (for live BSE/NSE quotes service) and Dion Global Solutions Ltd. (for corporate data, 
historical price & volume, F&O data). Sensex & BSE Quotes and Nifty & NSE Quotes are real-time and licensed from BSE and NSE respectively. All timestamps are    
reflected in IST (Indian Standard Time). DISCLAIMER: Any and all content on this website including tools/analysis is provided to you only for convenience and on 
an “as-is, as- available” basis without representation and warranties of any kind. The content and any output of such tools/analysis is for informational        
purposes only and should not be relied upon or construed as an investment advice or guarantee for any specific performance/returns advice or considered as       
recommendation for the purchase or sale of any security or investment. You are advised to exercise caution, discretion and independent judgment with regards to  
the same and seek advice from professionals and certified experts before taking any decisions. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy 
Policy. Quick Links Hot on Web Top Searched Companies",
    'https://www.economictimes.com/': "Get only relevant updates on WhatsApp. No Spam. March 31 MV True Confidence, a doomed vessel from a missile attack, is set
for dismantling in Alang, a declining ship-breaking hub facing economic ch... Affluent Indians aged 50 and above are increasingly engaging in adventurous travel 
experiences, from Antarctic marathons to African wildlife... Prime Minister Narendra Modi will inaugurate the new Pamban Bridge on April 6 in Tamil Nadu's       
Rameshwaram, declared safe for 100 years. Buil... Jio has extended its offer for free IPL streaming on JioHotstar until April 15. This includes a 90-day free    
subscription to JioHotstar and a... The beer industry has urged Karnataka to halt frequent tax hikes, as recent increases have stalled beer sales and risk       
investments of over R... Writer Biplab Goswami refutes plagiarism claims regarding his film Laapata Ladies, which some compare to the Arabic film Burqa City.    
Goswami...  Saturday, 05 Apr, 2025 US garment retailers and brands have reached out to Indian apparel manufacturers, exhorting the latter to partly absorb a     
likely product price increase due to US President Donald Trumpâ\x80\x99s tariff policy.  China announced additional tariffs of 34% on American goods on Friday,  
striking back at US President Donald Trump and escalating a trade war that has fed fears of a recession and triggered a global stock market rout that showed no  
sign of slowing on Friday. Indian equities were swamped by a wave of selling that swept riskier assets globally on Friday, tracking Wall Streetâ\x80\x99s        
overnight slumpâ\x80\x94the worst since 2020â\x80\x94in response to US President Donald Trumpâ\x80\x99s reciprocal tariff regime that has led to fears about a   
global downturn. The Trump administration has dismantled the CIS Ombudsman office, which aided immigrants in navigating visa complexities and resolving issues.  
This decision has raised concerns about reduced transparency within USCIS and the lack of support for thousands of visa holders, green card applicants, and      
international students. The Trump administration's crackdown on foreign students has led to sudden and unexplained visa revocations, causing panic among
universities and their international students. Students are being ordered to leave the US immediately, disrupting their studies without prior notice. Colleges   
are concerned this may deter future international enrollments, and are now grappling to understand and address these abrupt changes. Foreign travellers to the US
are advised to review their online presence before applying for a visa or traveling, as US authorities are increasingly scrutinizing public digital footprints.  
Inconsistencies between online profiles and visa applications can lead to delays or denial. Legal experts recommend ensuring that public profiles match visa     
documents and suggest tightening privacy settings. Rajinikanth to Mahesh Babu: South Stars Steal The Spotlight at Anant Ambani's Wedding Explore Goa In The      
Rains: 10 Must-Do Activities, Places To Visit Sonakshi Sinha wedding photos out: Actress marries Zaheer Iqbal in civil ceremony How Four Words from Chiranjeevi  
Saved Pawan Kalyan's Life â\x80\x8bMushrooms Can Lower Risk Of A Cancer Diagnosisâ\x80\x8bâ\x80\x8bâ\x80\x8b What To Eat, What To Avoid During Pregnancy? Follow 
This ICMR Guide Want To Live Longer? Watch Your Salt Intake, Advises ICMR How vegans can get enough protein? What ICMR says Balakrishna's 5 Controversies.       
Latest: Actress Anjali Incident Why These Two Rs 10 Notes Fetched Over Rs 12 Lakhs At Auction? Magnificent Mango: 5 Beauty Secrets Of This Summer Delight        
â\x80\x8bRadhika Merchant’s Space Suit Designer For Ambani Pre-Wedding Bash, Has Worked With Jennifer Lopez & Karlie Kloss!â\x80\x8b â\x80\x8bFlax Seeds Can Aid 
In Weight Loss, Improve Gut Heath: Here’s The Best Time To Consume Themâ\x80\x8b â\x80\x8bNASA Finds 126 Alien Planets! Does This Mean There’s Extraterrestrial  
Life?â\x80\x8b You Can Enjoy This 5-Day Cruise For Just Rs 5,000. Thanks To Indian Govt Scandals that destroyed Bollywood celebs' career â\x80\x8bFrom Vedavid To
Vamika, 6 Bollywood Babies With Unique Namesâ\x80\x8b Blockout 2024: From Taylor Swift To Alia Bhatt, Celebs Are Being Boycotted Online Massive protests in      
Germany against Musk & Trump Vance bashes Europe for banning Le Pen Pete Hegseth heads to Panama Canal Putin's envoy hails Trump over Ukraine peace talks Trump  
says 'US going to boom' amid tariff war Sen. Eric Schmitt warns on EU, China & Greenland Will Ukraine lose battle to Russia? ‘We remember Jan 2025 in New        
Orleans': Gen Langley US Space Force Chief Gen. Chance Saltzman warns of space threat PM Modi accorded ceremonial welcome in Sri Lanka Canadian PM Carney slams  
Trump’s tariffs US judge orders return of deported Maryland man Trump shares video of US airstrike on Houthis, watch! 6 best summer destinations in Northeast    
India for a cool getaway 6 superfoods that boost immunity naturally Latest 22KT gold jewellery rates today of Malabar Gold, Tanishq 6 protein-rich foods to boost
muscle growth naturally 6 healthy Indian snacks that don’t taste boring Baba Vanga’s 2025 forecasts: Big life shifts for these zodiac signs Top 5 Equity mid-cap 
funds with up to 36.83% returns in 5 year Top 5 large-cap funds with up to 28.17% returns in 5 years â\x80\x8b10 UNESCO sites that showcase India’s rich history 
10 Indian comfort foods that are secretly loaded with fats Glow up in 30 days? these 8 foods are all you need 8 protein-rich Indian breakfast ideas to kickstart 
your day 8 pretty flowers that attract birds to your home Top 8 foods to maximize post-workout recovery 8 best hydrating superfoods to fuel your workout 8 fun   
ways to burn calories no gym required 8 high-protein lentils you should add to your diet 8 best vegetarian fibre foods for better digestion Why is it important  
to rebalance mutual fund portfolios? 8 zodiac signs who live life to the fullest 10 powerful quotes to strengthen your willpower These 5 healthcare stocks hit   
52-week low, fallen up to 14% in a month Making investments in mutual funds through SIP? 6 things to know about XIRR Gainers & Losers: Marico, Vodafone Idea     
among 21 stocks that hogged limelight today 8 high-fibre Indian breakfasts to kickstart your day right Top 5 hybrid aggressive funds with returns up to 29% in 5 
years as on Mar 26, 2025 8 surprising health risks of eating potatoes every day Which fruit is better for radiant skin – amla or blueberry? Best mutual funds to 
invest through SIPs in April 2025 7 Secrets to Achieving Supple and Glowing Skin Like Celebrities 8 quick & easy Navaratri desserts you can make in minutes 8    
iron-rich drinks to naturally boost your haemoglobin 8 easy steps to make delicious gond katira shikanji 8 best foods to boost your vitamin D levels naturally 8 
fun and flavourful ways to use coconut in your cooking How to make cream cheese at home in 8 simple steps 8 healthy summer drinks to stay hydrated 6 Stunning    
Blouse Neck Designs to Steal from Madhuri Dixit 9 traditional Indian superfoods that are better than your multivitamin 99% fail this monument quiz – can you beat
the odds? Hot on Web In Case you missed it Top Calculators Top Prime Articles Top Performing MF Top Story Listing Top Commodities Top Definitions Top Slideshow  
Latest News Follow us on:",
    'https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets': "ET PRIME Focus on domestic plays: 5 stocks related to power transmission & grid modernization, with upside  
potential of up to 45% Stock picks of the week: 5 stocks with consistent score improvement and return potential of more than 18% in 1 year PSU banks: Could they 
be the surprise outperformers in a volatile market? 7 PSU banks with upside potential of up to 43% How Trump’s new reciprocal tariffs could impact India & global
trade Indian Hotels looking attractive on charts – time to buy? Why is Bharti Airtel stock a good buy at current levels? Why does RBL Bank look attractive on the
charts? Pole and Flag pattern breakout seen on weekly charts for SBI Cards & Payment Services; time to buy? Stock Radar | Why does it make sense to accumulate   
HDFC Bank at current levels? Ajit Mishra decodes Stock Radar: Zomato stock is showing signs of base formation; is it time to buy? Why is Hindustan Aeronautics   
looking attractive on charts after a double-digit fall from highs? Why is Som Distilleries looking like a good buy on dips stock? Shitij Gandhi decodes Bajaj    
Finance is on the verge of a breakout from an upward sloping channel; is it time to buy? Tariff shock turns FIIs to sellers in April. Analysts flag global risk  
but back India’s fundamentals F&O Talk| Trade turmoil triggers technical breakdown: Nifty sheds 1,000 pts in 8 sessions. Sudeep Shah weighs in Focus on domestic 
plays: 5 stocks related to power transmission & grid modernization, with upside potential of up to 45% Dalal Street Week Ahead: Watch for key reversal signs     
before fresh buying Concurrent Gainers: 11 smallcap stocks that gained for 5 days in a row Wall Street investors suffer $8 trillion shock since Trump took over. 
Is the worst yet to come? Warren Buffett’s 6 timeless investment secrets every Indian investor should master Tata Motors demerger, business split update:        
Shareholders to vote on May 6 4 golden rules from Amit Jain for FY26’s small & midcap strategy Market losses got you worried? Here’s Achin Goel’s 4-point        
checklist before making a move How to include REITs in your investment portfolio for stability Will India tariff woes be Trumped by RBI response? Want to invest 
Rs 1 lakh every month in FY26? Here’s a 4-fund strategy that works How SIP has been the strong hero across historical market cycles Understanding the impact of  
float on your investment strategy Tata Capital files confidential DRHP for mega Rs 15,000 crore IPO Trump tariff hunt eyes India's last stock market refuge but  
it won't be an easy kill Berkshire refutes false claims linking Buffett to Trump-endorsed economic strategy Ajay Bagga on why India can’t escape the global risk 
avalanche Prestige Estates Projects, Lupin among 7 small & midcap stocks that can rally up to 63% Mind Over Money: What a 45-minute workout taught Arun Chaudhry 
about patience, persistence and profits Smallcaps show mixed trend in muted start for FY25 with 23 double-digit declines 5 world market themes for the week ahead
Trump Sounds Defiant Note as Tariffs Roil Markets Again Berkshire dismisses 'false' reports on Buffett comments after Trump shares video TRADING DAY-Trump       
tariffs wipe $5 trillion off Wall Street Financial markets face fear, shellshock as global trade war looms Hedge funds, ETFs dump over $40 billion in stocks     
after Trump tariff shock Wall Street Week Ahead: Shell-shocked markets brace for more tariff tumult Trump tariff tailspin worsens, Nasdaq confirms in bear market
'Waterfall' decline base case risk to US market: Chris Wood BofA Securities cautious on richly-valued Indian stocks That Sinking Feeling: Stocks swoon as tariff 
reality hits investors hard 10-year gilt auction sees strong demand Metal stocks take the blow as tariff war fears intensify 2 top stock recommendations from    
Rajesh Palviya for next week Trump's 'Liberation Day' tariffs wipe $5 trillion off Wall Street Stock picks of the week: 5 stocks with consistent score
improvement and return potential of more than 18% in 1 year Tesla, chip stocks Intel, Qualcomm tumble as China's retaliation stokes fears of widening trade war  
Dow plummets 1,600 points, Nasdaq, S&P down 5% as Trump tariffs escalate trade war, recession worries IndusInd Bank posts flat quarterly deposit growth amid     
accounting lapse US Fed Chair Jerome Powell warns Trump's tariffs likely to push up inflation, cool growth US junk bond spreads surge to 17-month high on trade  
war fears Nasdaq heads toward bear market as trade war worries grow; Chinese cos JD.com, Alibaba down 8% Global rout in bank shares intensifies as recession     
fears mount Institutional buyers put in bids worth about Rs 3,700 cr in Mazagon Dock OFS Sebi unveils audit standard for systems, networks of MIIs Two Sharp:    
From Wall Street to Dalal Street, Trump’s tariff tantrum triggers ‘Impoverishment Day’ IIFL Finance to raise up to Rs 500 cr via NCD ET Market Watch: Why the    
stock market fell today: 4 reasons behind Rs 9.5 lakh crore wealth wipeout Sebi joins social media platform 'X'. Check ID and other details Dow falls 1,300      
points, S&P, Nasdaq down 4% as China imposes retaliatory tariffs on US These 5 healthcare stocks hit 52-week low, fallen up to 14% in a month Markets are like   
people on cocaine: Deepak Shenoy says markets overreact, Nike will weather tariffs UK's FTSE 100 drops over 3%, hits three-month low as tariff concerns cap      
difficult week Sebi proposes 'Investor Charter' for KYC Registration Agencies Macquarie sounds alarm on Vodafone Idea, downgrades stock to ‘underperform’, cuts  
target price Stock Radar: BHEL gives a breakout from downward sloping trendline on weekly charts; time to buy? Gainers & Losers: Marico, Vodafone Idea among 21  
stocks that hogged limelight today Swastika Infra files IPO papers with Sebi; aims to raise Rs 200-cr via fresh issue Brent slides over 3%, hits lowest level    
since 2021 PSU banks: Could they be the surprise outperformers in a volatile market? 7 PSU banks with upside potential of up to 43% These 10 stocks tumble more  
than 50% from their 52-week highs Trump’s tariff hikes signal impoverishment day, not liberation day: Chris Wood of Jefferies Trump's ally Elon Musk lost $100   
billion, but Warren Buffett gained. What's he seeing that no one else is? Let the noise die down and then look for good businesses with reasonable balance       
sheets: Sachin Shah TCS, Dr Reddy's Labs among 6 large and mid-cap stocks that hit 52-week lows on Friday European shares drop at the end of brutal week after   
Trump's tariff blow Foreign investors fuel surge in Indian financials in March; outflows persist for fiscal 2025 Why Maneesh Dangi favors BFSI and Staples in a  
volatile market Stock-specific action to dominate market moves: Dharmesh Shah Stocks to Buy | Turn bearish or stay the course? Mahesh Patil’s market playbook RIL
shares drop over 4% amid Trump tariff woes. Should you buy or sell? Bharat Forge, Tata Motors, other auto stocks tumble up to 9%, extending tariff-led rout      
Stocks to Buy | Samir Arora on Tariffs, Trump & Turmoil: What should investors do next? Every dip now a good buying opportunity: Mahesh Patil Valuations decent, 
but bond momentum still stronger than equity: Maneesh Dangi Nifty could plunge to 21,500 in 3 months on US recession fears: Emkay Global US slaps 26% reciprocal 
tariff on India but opportunity knocks UBS upgrades Bank of Baroda to ‘buy’ sets Rs 290 target citing attractive valuations Goldman Sachs sees 50% upside in     
Zomato, calls Blinkit pessimism overdone F&O Radar| Deploy Bull Call Spread in Nifty to play potential upside Why stock market fell today: 4 reasons behind Rs   
9.5 lakh crore wealth wipeout; Sensex down 930 pts, Nifty below 22,950 Anshul Saigal on sectors ready for a breakout in volatile market Gold to be safe haven,   
oil soften over the next couple of weeks: Peter McGuire Vedanta, Hindalco, and other metal stocks slide up to 6% on growth concerns amid trade war Don’t buy just
because it’s fallen: Samir Arora warns against catching falling knives No chill, just pills! Pharma stocks slide up to 8% as Trump does yes-no-yes on tariff     
These 4 F&O stocks saw a high increase in futures open interest Coforge, Wipro, TCS and other IT stocks fall up to 7% amid Trump tariff jitters Commodity Radar: 
Gold showing signs of exhaustion. Here’s why 21-EMA remains a key level to monitor Stocks to buy in 2025: Entero Healthcare, Samhi Hotels 5 stocks that could    
give 20-100% returns Trump’s 26% tariff shock: Where India stands and what’s at stake. Brokerages weigh in “Have idle money? Just invest in bonds”: Suresh Darak 
of Bondbazaar Gold Price Today: Precious metals witness profit booking. Gold falls by Rs 586/10g, silver down Rs 1,500/kg Stocks to buy today: UBS upgrade Bank  
of Baroda to ‘buy’ & SBI to ‘neutral’ These 4 Nifty stocks show RSI Trending Up on April 3 Indian Hotels looking attractive on charts – time to buy? Sensex      
plunges over 800 points, Nifty sinks below 23K as investors digest Trump’s tariff shock These 3 stocks close crossing below VWAP April 3 Why the stock market    
fell today: 4 reasons behind Rs 9.5 lakh crore wealth wipeout Concurrent Gainers: 11 smallcap stocks that gained for 5 days in a row 4 golden rules from Amit    
Jain for FY26’s small & midcap strategy Market losses got you worried? Here’s Achin Goel’s 4-point checklist before making a move Prestige Estates Projects,     
Lupin among 7 small & midcap stocks that can rally up to 63% These 5 healthcare stocks hit 52-week low, fallen up to 14% in a month Upto 43% Upside 10 stocks to 
Unlock Upto 36% Upside 7 stocks to Unlock Upto 53% Upside 3 stocks to Unlock Upto 35% Upside 3 stocks to Unlock Upto 32% Upside 7 stocks to Unlock Affle (India) 
Ltd.EGM 05/04/2025   Diffusion Engineers Ltd.POM 05/04/2025   Suraj Ltd.POM 05/04/2025   Yogi Ltd.POM 05/04/2025   View Full Market Calendar Scan QR to get App  
Buy Mean Recos by 3 Analysts 0Strong Sell 0Sell 1Hold 1Buy 1Strong Buy Expected Returns 104.00 % 1Y  Target  Current Price   Buy Mean Recos by 7 Analysts 0Strong
Sell 0Sell 4Hold 1Buy 2Strong Buy Expected Returns 104.00 % 1Y  Target  Current Price   Strong Buy Mean Recos by 3 Analysts 0Strong Sell 0Sell 0Hold 1Buy 2Strong
Buy Expected Returns 98.40 % 1Y  Target  Current Price   Buy Mean Recos by 7 Analysts 0Strong Sell 0Sell 0Hold 4Buy 3Strong Buy Expected Returns 96.60 % 1Y      
Target  Current Price   10/10 Stock Score  10/10 Stock Score  10/10 Stock Score  10/10 Stock Score  Buy Mean Recos by 39 Analysts 0Strong Sell 0Sell 7Hold 14Buy 
18Strong Buy Expected Returns 19.10 % 1Y  Target  Current Price   Buy Mean Recos by 37 Analysts 0Strong Sell 0Sell 6Hold 13Buy 18Strong Buy Expected Returns     
10.10 % 1Y  Target  Current Price   Hold Mean Recos by 37 Analysts 1Strong Sell 7Sell 13Hold 10Buy 6Strong Buy Expected Returns 55.40 % 1Y  Target  Current Price
Buy Mean Recos by 40 Analysts 3Strong Sell 2Sell 9Hold 13Buy 13Strong Buy Expected Returns 33.60 % 1Y  Target  Current Price  Maximise Returns by Investing in   
the Right Companies The Economic Times Get Certified By India's Top Business News Brand Renko Chart Patterns Made Easy Kaushik Akiwatkar Derivative Trader and   
Investor Candlesticks Made Easy: Candlestick Pattern Course elearnmarkets Financial Education by StockEdge Dow Theory Made Easy Vishal Mehta Independent
Systematic Trader Market 101: An Insight into Trendlines and Momentum Rohit Srivastava Founder- Indiacharts.com Markets 102: Mastering Sentiment Indicators for  
Swing and Positional Trading Rohit Srivastava Founder- Indiacharts.com Market 103: Mastering Trends with RMI and Techno-Funda Insights Rohit Srivastava Founder- 
Indiacharts.com Market 104: Options Trading: Kickstart Your F&O Adventure Saketh R Founder- QuickAlpha, Full Time Options Trader ROC Made Easy: Master Course for
ROC Stock Indicator Souradeep Dey Equity and Commodity Trader, Trainer RSI Made Easy: RSI Trading Course Souradeep Dey Equity and Commodity Trader, Trainer      
Technical Analysis for Everyone - Technical Analysis Course Abhijit Paul Technical Research Head, Fund Manager- ICICI Securities Introduction to Technical       
Analysis & Candlestick Theory Dinesh Nagpal Full Time Trader, Ichimoku & Trading Psychology Expert Options Trading Course For Beginners Chetan Panchamia Options 
Trader Options Scalping Made Easy Sivakumar Jayachandran Ace Scalper Futures Trading Made Easy: Future & Options Trading Course Anirudh Saraf Founder- Saraf A & 
Associates, Chartered Accountant Advertisement No Open IPO found No Upcoming IPO found Quick Links Hot on Web In Case you missed it Top Searched Companies Top   
Calculators Top Commodities Top Prime Articles Top Story Listing Top Definitions Top Slideshow Top Market Pages Latest News Follow us on:",
    'https://brandequity.economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/marketing/tata-motors-campaign-highlights-the-electric-future-of-india/78034530': 'By commenting, you 
agree to the Prohibited Content Policy By commenting, you agree to the Prohibited Content Policy Subscribe to our Daily Newsletter  By continuing you agree to   
our Privacy Policy & Terms & Conditions About Us Contact Us Newsletters',
    'https://auto.economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/industry/tata-motors-strategic-move-separating-commercial-and-passenger-vehicle-segments/110634982': 'By     
commenting, you agree to the Prohibited Content Policy By commenting, you agree to the Prohibited Content Policy Subscribe to our Daily Newsletter  By continuing
you agree to our Privacy Policy & Terms & Conditions About Us Contact Us Newsletters',
    'https://www.bloomberg.com/': "Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers   
business and financial information, news and insight around the world Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Connecting decision 
makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight     
around the world Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Top Securities Top Securities  Watch: Summers: The White House Can't Have
it Both Ways  All categories All categories",
    'https://www.bloomberg.com/news/videos/2025-02-04/tata-motors-cfo-reacts-to-india-budget': "Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information,  
people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44
20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately        
delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Tata Motors
Group CFO P-B Balaji says India's consumer-friendly budget, which includes a record 11.5-billion in tax cuts, should fuel spending and revitalize growth as long 
as inflation remains in check.  He spoke exclusively with Bloomberg's Haslinda Amin on his outlook for India's economy and the auto industry. (Source:
Bloomberg)",
    'https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2008-05-09/inside-the-tata-nano-factorybusinessweek-business-news-stock-market-and-financial-advice': 'Connecting 
decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and    
insight around the world Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information,  
people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44
20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 At Tata\'s Engineering Research Center, near the bucolic surroundings of the Tata Motors (TTM) factory in Pune, India,    
there are two cars on display. One is a complete prototype of the Nano, the $2,500 compact car Tata unveiled in January, which has all the essentials and safety 
features of India\'s higher-priced automobiles along with a sticker price that will forever change the economics of low-cost cars. The other is a neat bisection,
with the car\'s innards clearly visible. "Every day we invite people to come and examine the car and ask: \'How can we make more savings?\'" says Tata Motors    
Chief Executive Ravi Kant. That quest to build the world\'s cheapest car hasn\'t ended. The Nano should be available this fall, but the mission began back in    
2003, when Ratan Tata, chairman of Tata Motors and the $50 billion Tata conglomerate, set a challenge to build a "people\'s car." Tata gave an engineering team, 
led by 32-year-old star engineer Girish Wagh, three requirements for the new vehicle: It should be low-cost, adhere to regulatory requirements, and achieve      
performance targets such as fuel efficiency and acceleration capacity. The design team initially came up with a vehicle which had bars instead of doors and      
plastic flaps to keep out the monsoon rains. It was closer to a quadricycle than a car, and the first prototype, Wagh admits candidly, "lacked punch." Even a    
bigger engine, which boosted the power by nearly 20%, was still dismal. "It was an embarrassment," says Wagh.',
    'https://www.bloomberg.com/news/videos/2025-02-04/tata-motors-cfo-on-jaguar-s-turnaround': 'Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information,  
people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44
20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately        
delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 "We\'ll go 
net debt free this year."\n\nP.B. Balaji, Chief Financial Officer of Jaguar Land Rover\'s Indian parent, Tata Motors exclusively spoke to Bloomberg\'s Haslinda  
Amin in Mumbai about his plan for making the company profitable. (Source: Bloomberg)',
    'https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/TTMT:IN': "To continue, please click the box below to let us know you're not a robot. Please make sure your browser supports
JavaScript and cookies and that you are not\n            blocking them from loading.\n            For more information you can review our Terms of\n
Service and Cookie Policy. For inquiries related to this message please contact\n            our support team and provide the reference ID below.",
    'https://markets.ft.com/data/equities/tearsheet/summary?s=TATAMOTORS:NSI': "Also in today’s newsletter, blue-chip advertisers flock back to Fox News and the 
issue that threatens to split the Maga movement From east to west, different value systems support global economic diversity Pricey sport utility vehicles       
outperform otherwise flat market in sign only most affluent are in mood to spend Also in today’s newsletter, OpenAI accuses DeepSeek of potential copyright      
breech and a new demography series begins World leaders gather in Poland on Holocaust memorial day, Fed and ECB make rate calls, and the Year of the Snake begins
Kana Inagaki and Henry Mance tell the inside story of an extraordinary corporate decision Company already has joint venture with China’s SAIC in world’s
third-largest car market Also in this newsletter, Stellantis chief resigns, and new sanctions for Chinese tech Tata Motors Limited is an India-based global      
automobile manufacturer of cars, utility vehicles, pick-ups, trucks, and buses, offering a range of integrated, smart, and e-mobility solutions. The Company's   
segments include Automotive and Others. The Automotive segment consists of four reportable sub-segments: Tata Commercial Vehicles, Tata Passenger Vehicles,      
Jaguar Land Rover and Vehicle Financing. Its automotive business includes all activities relating to development, design, manufacture, assembly and sale of      
vehicles including financing thereof, as well as sale of related parts, accessories and services. The Others segment consists of information technology services 
and insurance broking services. With operations in India, the United Kingdom, South Korea, Thailand, South Africa and Indonesia, the Company markets its vehicles
in Africa, the Middle East, Latin America, Southeast Asia, and the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) countries.",
    'https://www.ft.com/content/99e3d616-0348-11e4-9195-00144feab7de': 'Then Rs4335 per month.\nComplete digital access to quality FT journalism on any device.  
\nCancel anytime during your trial. Essential digital access to quality FT journalism on any device. Pay a year upfront and save 20%. Complete digital access to 
quality FT journalism with expert analysis from industry leaders. Pay a year upfront and save 20%. Complete digital access to quality analysis and expert        
insights, complemented with our award-winning Weekend Print edition. Terms & Conditions apply See why over a million readers pay to read the Financial Times.',  
    'https://www.ft.com/stream/f8c2b270-d948-4748-8603-42d297fd3ed2': 'Former state-run airline now owned by Tata is spending billions to win back customers who 
had lost faith in its service Industrialist who led the Tata conglomerate’s acquisition of Jaguar Land Rover and UK steel plants, with mixed results Natarajan   
Chandrasekaran says the $365bn Indian group is undergoing multiple changes to prepare for the future Chair of Indian parent company says talks with the British  
government are ‘going well’ Owner of Tetley tea wants to acquire brands that can grow internationally as well as within the country Planned investment provides a
boost for an industry struggling with the transition to EVs What the Brexit-battered car industry really needs is a giant manufacturing plant run by a market    
leader Indian group to select Somerset site to supply Jaguar Land Rover’s electric cars Site in Somerset would be picked over location in Spain  Tata Motors will
decide between Somerset and Spain for new plant within weeks Private sector looks to benefit as government pivots from dependence on military imports Kwasi      
Kwarteng says next leader must decide on company’s request for £1.5bn in subsidies for Port Talbot plant Group running UK’s largest steel plant says it wants    
agreement with government on help with emissions Deal returns lossmaking carrier to original founders 68 years after it was nationalised Historic group under    
pressure after ‘Shakespearean’ falling out between controlling families   Supreme Court’s ruling in favour of conglomerate heralds end of historic business      
alliance Indian group wants to move from dwindling everyday brews into higher-value options  Conglomerate to make initial bid for state carrier after New Delhi  
sweetened terms to attract buyers Conglomerate has fallen behind Reliance and Amazon in India’s internet retail boom Move to end one of the most acrimonious     
disputes in Indian corporate history The group aims to overhaul its European steel and car operations as well as cash in on ecommerce  Indian conglomerate set to
take on rival Reliance in tech push to revamp consumer businesses Global trade turmoil seen as ‘new normal’ by company behind Jaguar Land Rover and Tetley Tea   
Parent does not qualify for Project Birch government aid, leaving carmaker and metals group to rely on private financing Natarajan Chandrasekaran, Tata’s chief  
executive, forecasts a major shift to more flexible working arrangements',
    'https://www.tmf.co.in/': 'Pre-Owned Commercial Vehicle Finance IMHCV Finance SLCV Finance Bus Finance Car Finance Fuel Finance Vehicle Leasing  Vehicles for
Auction TML Dealer & Vendor Finance Motor Insurance Health Insurance Non Life Insurance Life Insurance With our Financial Products for both New and Used
Commercial Vehicles  Pre-Owned Commercial Vehicle Finance IMHCV Finance SLCV Finance Bus Finance Car Finance Fuel Finance Vehicle Leasing  Vehicles for Auction  
TML Dealer & Vendor Finance Just enter the basic details below and get a full break-up of the loan.  ₹    % MONTHS T&C Apply Here’s What Our Customers Have to   
Say! I had a smooth experience with TMFL. The staff was approachable and efficient, and the fast processing of the loan helped me in sticking to my timelines. I 
am very happy... I had a very good experience with TMFL. They make the processes very clear and easy to understand, and I will definitely recommend them to      
others in the... It was a pleasure working with TMFL. Their employees had excellent coordination during the loan process, and I was impressed by the speedy and  
transparent processing.... Mahesh Kumar Biyani, also lovingly known as “Kakaji” in the transport industry, had spent 17 years working in the Iron and
Stainless-steel industry. Following the sudden... They say success never comes easy. In developing economies like ours, the adage holds true, especially for     
those with humble beginnings – no ivy league pedigree, no big... While most people seek satisfaction and safety in a cushy job, some test unfamiliar waters and  
embrace risk to chart their destinies by themselves. And that is precisely... Starting small does not mean you cannot live large one day. Strategy, foresight,   
and timely financing can take you from insignificance to the spotlight, and Mr. Sanjay... I was completely satisfied with my experience at TMFL. They have given 
me an opportunity to own a Tata Vehicle despite having minimal documentation available. What I... Taking a loan from TMFL was a great experience. They disburse  
loans fast and without any hassles throughout the process. I will definitely recommend them to anyone... Tata Motors Finance Limited is the most ethical finance 
company I have dealt... Taking a loan from TMFL was a hassle-free experience. They offered a doorstep service for completing all the formalities for my loan. I  
feel lucky to have had such a... I had a very good experience with TMFL, especially with regard to the loan process, which was speedy and transparent. I will    
definitely recommend TMFL to my friends,... I had a smooth experience with TMFL. The staff was approachable and efficient, and the fast processing of the loan   
helped me in sticking to my timelines. I am very happy... I had a very good experience with TMFL. They make the processes very clear and easy to understand, and 
I will definitely recommend them to others in the... It was a pleasure working with TMFL. Their employees had excellent coordination during the loan process, and
I was impressed by the speedy and transparent processing.... Mahesh Kumar Biyani, also lovingly known as “Kakaji” in the transport industry, had spent 17 years  
working in the Iron and Stainless-steel industry. Following the sudden... They say success never comes easy. In developing economies like ours, the adage holds  
true, especially for those with humble beginnings – no ivy league pedigree, no big... While most people seek satisfaction and safety in a cushy job, some test   
unfamiliar waters and embrace risk to chart their destinies by themselves. And that is precisely... Starting small does not mean you cannot live large one day.  
Strategy, foresight, and timely financing can take you from insignificance to the spotlight, and Mr. Sanjay... I was completely satisfied with my experience at  
TMFL. They have given me an opportunity to own a Tata Vehicle despite having minimal documentation available. What I... Taking a loan from TMFL was a great      
experience. They disburse loans fast and without any hassles throughout the process. I will definitely recommend them to anyone... Tata Motors Finance Limited is
the most ethical finance company I have dealt... Taking a loan from TMFL was a hassle-free experience. They offered a doorstep service for completing all the    
formalities for my loan. I feel lucky to have had such a... I had a very good experience with TMFL, especially with regard to the loan process, which was speedy 
and transparent. I will definitely recommend TMFL to my friends,... I had a smooth experience with TMFL. The staff was approachable and efficient, and the fast  
processing of the loan helped me in sticking to my timelines. I am very happy... I had a very good experience with TMFL. They make the processes very clear and  
easy to understand, and I will definitely recommend them to others in the... It was a pleasure working with TMFL. Their employees had excellent coordination     
during the loan process, and I was impressed by the speedy and transparent processing.... Mahesh Kumar Biyani, also lovingly known as “Kakaji” in the transport  
industry, had spent 17 years working in the Iron and Stainless-steel industry. Following the sudden... FOS: 7000+\r\nOver 260+ branches Bespoke finance solutions
Suppliers | Dealers | Transporters | Group companies | Customers Strong Sourcing Analytics\r\nRobust Collection Analytics     Tata Motors Finance has created a  
legacy of trust over the years and we take immense pride in the recognition we have received from the industry. TMFL provides both short term and long term loans
based on the business requirement. This may range from 30 days to 72 months Incase you have opted for Insurance Provision, total amount towards subsequent       
renewals of insurance policy will be included in your monthly instalments. TMF will facilitate in renewal of the Insurance Policy and arrange to send the renewed
policy for subsequent years well in advance before the expiry date, for a period equivalent to no of years provision taken in your loan. Policy renewal is       
subject to your loan being non-delinquemt at the time of renewal Persons who fulfill minimum age criteria of 18 years. Persons having below valid KYC documents. 
\xa0 © Copyright 2023 Tata Motors Finance Ltd.      ',
    'https://www.cnbc.com/2024/04/24/elon-musk-teslas-entry-into-india-ev-market-is-good-news-mg-motor-india-.html': '\nReference
#18.3a822c31.1743880234.723b965\nhttps://errors.edgesuite.net/18.3a822c31.1743880234.723b965\n https://errors.edgesuite.net/18.3a822c31.1743880234.723b965',     
    'https://www.cnbctv18.com/world/california-passes-bill-incorporating-gender-affirmation-in-child-custody-cases-explained-17758741.htm': 'BREAKING: The       
California Assembly just voted in favor of AB 957 which will require judges take into account whether a parent "affirms" a child\'s "gender identity or gender   
expression" in determining custody. This is legislated evil. News Live TV Market Popular Categories Calculators Trending Now Let\'s Connect with CNBCTV 18       
Network 18 Group : ©TV18 Broadcast Limited. All rights reserved.',
    'https://www.cnbc.com/2009/10/28/small-electric-car-company-leads-bigger-global-rivals.html': '\nReference
#18.3a822c31.1743880236.723ba5a\nhttps://errors.edgesuite.net/18.3a822c31.1743880236.723ba5a\n https://errors.edgesuite.net/18.3a822c31.1743880236.723ba5a',     
    'https://www.cnbctv18.com/market/march-auto-sales-tata-motors-sees-growth-in-fy26-despite-global-headwinds-19582485.htm': "News Live TV Market Popular       
Categories Calculators Trending Now Let's Connect with CNBCTV 18 Network 18 Group : ©TV18 Broadcast Limited. All rights reserved.",
    'https://www.nbcnews.com/id/wbna24618743': ' Profile Sections Local tv Featured More From NBC Follow NBC News  news Alerts There are no new alerts at this   
time At Tata\'s Engineering Research Center, near the bucolic surroundings of the Tata Motors factory in Pune, India, there are two cars on display. One is a    
complete prototype of the Nano, the $2,500 compact car Tata unveiled in January, which has all the essentials and safety features of India\'s higher-priced      
automobiles along with a sticker price that will forever change the economics of low-cost cars. The other is a neat bisection, with the car\'s innards clearly   
visible. "Every day we invite people to come and examine the car and ask: \'How can we make more savings?\'" says Tata Motors Chief Executive Ravi Kant.  That   
quest to build the world\'s cheapest car hasn\'t ended. The Nano should be available this fall, but the mission began back in 2003, when Ratan Tata, chairman of 
Tata Motors and the $50 billion Tata conglomerate, set a challenge to build a "people\'s car." Tata gave an engineering team, led by 32-year-old star engineer   
Girish Wagh, three requirements for the new vehicle: It should be low-cost, adhere to regulatory requirements, and achieve performance targets such as fuel      
efficiency and acceleration capacity. The design team initially came up with a vehicle which had bars instead of doors and plastic flaps to keep out the monsoon 
rains. It was closer to a quadricycle than a car, and the first prototype, Wagh admits candidly, "lacked punch." Even a bigger engine, which boosted the power by
nearly 20%, was still dismal. "It was an embarrassment," says Wagh.  But the failure was also the catalyst for Tata\'s decision to build a proper car, not an    
upgraded scooter on four wheels or anything flimsy or cheap-looking. "We didn\'t want an apology for a car," says Ravi Kant. "We were conscious of the fact that 
whether it was a $2,500 car or not, it ought not to have looked like a $2,500 car."  The tale of the creation and design of the Nano is one of innovation and    
ingenuity, both inside and outside Tata\'s own organization. First, Ratan Tata called a meeting of his top parts suppliers and, after showing them the early,    
earnest but flawed prototypes, asked them to help. Companies including Germany\'s Bosch, which makes the computer that is the heart of car\'s engine, were       
skeptical. So were local Indian players.  But Tata persisted, pointing out that not only could a company\'s specific developments for the Nano help to make      
history but they could also improve their companies\' businesses and bottom lines. Soon most of Tata\'s traditional suppliers were on board. Rane Group, for     
instance, makes a rack and pinion steering system. It focused on reducing the weight of the materials used, replacing the steel rod of the steering with a steel 
tube—a major cost-reducer. Typically, the product is made of two pieces, but it was redesigned as one to save on machining and assembling costs. According to    
Harish Lakshman, director of the $317 million company: "The world has seen this sort of integration of two pieces into one, but applied differently — not for a  
new car, and not to reduce costs."  GKN Driveline India, a subsidiary of global auto parts leader GKN, made the driveshaft — the component that transfers power  
from the engine to the wheel. The team spent a year developing 32 experimental variants to create the perfect driveshaft for the Nano. It roped in designers from
the company\'s French and Italian operations and changed the design to make it lighter and easier to manufacture. For the Nano\'s rear-wheel drive system, GKN   
designed a smaller diameter of shaft, which made it lighter and saved on material costs. "We thought if we were successful in this, we could dictate terms to the
market, and every other car manufacturer would want to work with us," says Rajendra Ojha, chief executive of GKN Driveline India.  Taking the pulse of the       
projectAll the suppliers have similar stories. And although none would disclose specific cost savings, most stuck to Tata\'s mandate to cut costs. That was, as  
Kant acknowledges, the biggest hurdle for the company — "then, now, and in the future," — particularly as the price of raw materials like steel have more than   
doubled in the past four years, and the company has to follow new, tighter industry regulations. Kant, who recently led negotiations to acquire luxury auto brand
Jaguar Land Rover, has little time to get involved in day-to-day details of Tata\'s many projects. However, with the Nano, "every cost, every component price,   
has to be run by me," he says.  Coordinating the vendors with Tata Motors\' team was a whole new exercise in logistics. Wagh quickly realized it was necessary to
bring everyone on board, "else it leads to last-minute heartache and delays." Every morning, he would spend an hour or two on the floor of the Pune factory,     
insisting that everyone involved — designers, manufacturing teams, vendor development people — be there to accelerate decision-making and problem-solving. "We   
had to have the pulse of the project and know exactly where the hurdles were," Wagh remembers.  Over time, Wagh\'s team grew to comprise some 500 engineers, an  
impractically large group to gather on a daily basis. So instead, a core team of five engineers gathered every day at 3 p.m. to discuss the latest developments. 
Each engineer represented a different part of the car: engine and transmission, body, vehicle integration, safety and regulation, and industrial design.  Fitting
the parts of the car together required lots of little, head-breaking details, recalls Wagh. The engine, for instance, was designed three times. Initially, Wagh  
thought they\'d buy an off-the-shelf engine and so studied all the small-capacity engines available. They were unsuitable, so in early 2005, he decided to build 
his own. The first was a 540 cubic-centimenter engine that, when fitted on the prototype, lacked the necessary power. So its capacity was increased by 9%, then  
by another 9%, before Wagh finally settled on a 623 cc engine. Then the foot pedal had to be realigned to create more legroom.  The body had to be changed       
because Ratan Tata, over six feet tall himself, wanted it to be easy for tall people to get in and out of the car. "Imagine the plight of the body designer—he   
went through hundreds of iterations, then at the last minute the car length was increased by 100 millimeters!" Wagh says. The attention to detail paid off: When 
the car rolled onto the dais at the Auto Show in New Delhi in January, and Ratan Tata stepped out of the driver\'s seat with ease, it made an immediate impact.  
What shook the automobile world most was the fact that the designers seem to have done the impossible: The sleek, sophisticated Nano doesn\'t look flimsy or     
inexpensive. If it had been an upgraded scooter on four wheels, Tata still would have been applauded for making a family of four safer on Indian roads. The Nano,
however, affords both safety and status. "The innovation wasn\'t in technology," Kant recalls. "It was in a mindset change." The Nano, he adds, has put an end to
all discussions of having variants of scooters or quadricycles as passenger vehicles on India\'s roads.  Organizational innovationStill, the story of the Nano is
not confined to its impact on the auto industry. It\'s a tale that illuminates the India of today — an eager, ambitious nation with a combination of engineering 
talent, a desire for low costs and value, and the hunger of young managers looking to break from a hidebound corporate environment. Indeed, the team that worked 
on the Nano — on average aged between 25 and 30 — has helped to flatten Tata Motors\' stodgy, multilayered management structure, which has resulted in an        
unexpected side-benefit Wagh calls "organizational innovation".  The factory in Singur, Bengal, is still being built, and machinery is being installed. Wagh now 
spends most of his time away from his Pune home, supervising the work at Singur leading up to the launch date in the fall. Tata Motors is determined to succeed  
in its mission, Ravi Kant says. "We are hungry for growth — and innovation is a by-product of that."  ©\xa02025 NBCUniversal Media, LLC'
